do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking ritonavir , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin or medicine to treat hepatitis c infection - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat hiv infection ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat certain infections ) - troleandomycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine to treat hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infections ). - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used for erectile dysfunction ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - lopinavir / tadalafil ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - symptoms such as astemizole , phenobarbital or methylergonovine to treat migraine ( dexamethasone ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - lopinavir / tadalafil ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat psychiatric infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used for erectile dysfunction ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of signs such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some infections such as sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat some infections such as sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - if you have severe liver problems , - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and other liver problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension . - repaglinide , tacrolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat some infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat some infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat some infections caused by tuberculosis ) - signs of an infection such as astemizole , phenobarbital , methylergonovine for migraine ( generally used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections caused by tuberculosis ) - tadalafil accord ( for heart problems ) - repaglinide ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - colchicine ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and at the start of each period of treatment to monitor your blood cells . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . if you are planning to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take zinbryta . see also section 4 .
do not take wilzin : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section allergic_reactions ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many iron treatments ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . penicillamine , zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones ), or another antibiotics ( such as fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ) - if you have experienced allergic_reactions or another antibiotics against allergic_reactions ( see section " driving and using machines "). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in iron ) or zinc ( e . g . zinc or zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ). these fluoroquinolones are used to treat
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c , or if you have problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . if you have problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking antiretrovirals unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals . look out for important symptoms some people taking this_medicine have taken vitamins or other combination treatments for hiv are more at risk of serious side effects . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infecting other medicines . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine to treat hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as depression ), rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) and depression ( such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - lamivudine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections - depression - antacids , such as aluminium and magnesium - used to treat hiv infection - rifabutin , used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and emtricitabine used to treat hepatitis c infection - if you are being treated with any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( such as aluminium and magnesium ), - iron , used to lower blood levels of iron , e . g . lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), - iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - hiv_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ). - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium and magnesium ) - iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection or hepatitis c infection ) - it is recommended that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , even those not prescribed . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections such as depression and anxiety . antacids , such as aluminium and magnesium , to treat hiv infection and aids . lamivudine , used to treat hepatitis c infection
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking repaglinide accord . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control your blood sugar level ). repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have
do not use somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . ritonavir ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 , 28 - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . ritonavir ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 ) 28 - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . ritonavir ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 ) 28 - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking any of the following : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . somatostatin_analogues ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 , pregnancy and breast - feeding ) - are breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney disease - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both body ) − if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both body ) − if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both body ) − if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had any liver problems . - if you have ever had a liver disease . - if you have a liver disease . - if you have a liver disease . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given imatinib teva . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ) or have ever had it in the past . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given imatinib teva . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have or have had epilepsy ( fits ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing diabetes - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( this may increase the risk of asthma ); - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you
do not receive tremfya if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this medicine . warnings and precautions 36 talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - have an infection , including fever , cough , or difficulty breathing . - if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g ., stomach ulcer , uncontrolled infections , warm , shortness of breath , warm , or red or painful heart ). if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before you are given this medicine . if your child has a severe infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( 36 you have ever had or might now have a infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination if you or your child : have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as tuberculosis or in the months after you receive vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if he / she has active infections or if you think you might be at risk of contracting tuberculosis . your doctor should test you for hbv . tuberculosis can develop during infections even if your child has had preventative infections for the past . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination if you or your child : have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as tuberculosis or in the months after you receive vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccination . your doctor may recommend that you stop vaccination . tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccination or in the months after you receive vaccination . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 36 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the past 30 days or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have very low blood pressure not properly controlled with other medicines . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin - st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , - st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal medicine ). - if you are taking medicines containing warfarin ( see " other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and heparin ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st._john's_wort ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen , dizziness or fainting . - st . john ' s wort (
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as heparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic allergic reactions are allergic to heparin ,
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to pentaerythritol_tetranitrate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if : - you have or have had an aneurysm ( anaemia ) or if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have barrett ' s oesophagus - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have barrett ' s oesophagus - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have barrett ' s oesophagus - if you have anaemia ( anaemia ) or if you have been told you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have a history of sensitivity to sunlight ( e . g . if you have a history of sensitivity to methaemoglobinaemia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and evicel tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin - cardiac treatments - these treatments may be used during or after an organ transplant ; - if you have received an organ transplant , your doctor will advise you whether you should receive or need a different medicine for you . your doctor will decide , if you should be treated with methylthioninium acetate gedeon richter . - if you are being treated with an anti - diabetic medicine known as a living inhibitor , you should not be given certain types of vaccines ( live attenuated vaccines ) during treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and evicel tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin - cardiac treatments - these treatments may decrease the number of
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have ever had a heart attack , or a heart attack , or if you have problems with your liver - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have a history of excessive thirst ( a complication of abnormally high blood pressure ); - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable or increased appetite , frequent urination , high blood pressure , or diabetes ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have a history of excessive thirst ( a disorder of the immune system that causes myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have a history of excessive thirst ( a disorder of the immune system that causes myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness , drowsy , or loss of appetite . - if you feel feeling tired or drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of diabetes - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the digestive tract ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the digestive tract ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the digestive tract ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin or rifampicin ( letermovir ) or letermovir ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ) - letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , and saquinavir ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir ) or ritonavir ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - oestrogen - based hormonal contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) your doctor will carefully consider whether or not you should continue taking imatinib accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) hormonal contraceptives ( birth control pills ) telaprevir ( used to treat hiv ) protease inhibitors ( e . g .
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel apotex tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you have a risk of bleeding such as : - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and severe_chest_pain , this disease is not expected . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , ttp or fever , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , ttp , sudden reductions in bleeding , or a
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( or any of the other ingredients of treatment ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are hypersensitive ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are more than hypersensitive years pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are hypersensitive ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). you are hypersensitive ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are hypersensitive ( allergic ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment . if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy
you should not be given pemetrexed 51 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this medicinal product . other medicines and pemetrexed accord tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor . the use of pemetrexed lilly should be avoided during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_medications . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check your blood glucose and antibodies that you have enough levels of antibodies in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check the level of immunoglobulins in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests in order to monitor the level of immunoglobulins in your blood . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . medicines that may change the level of potassium in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to monitor you closely . - if you are also being treated for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) be sure to tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking arsenic trioxide accord . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also using : - medicines that increase the level of glucose in your blood . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove infections . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider medicines against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived products . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of insulin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if your heart does not work properly ( hepatic impairment ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had the hepatitis b virus will have a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if : you have fever , pain or swelling in your hands or feet . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not take rasagiline_mylan : if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( pethidine ) ( a type of medicine also called st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( an antibiotic ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are being treated with another medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for any_suspicious_skin_changes ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are being treated for behaviours or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the treatment of depression ) - are at risk for heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . medicinal products ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used in 14 days ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or an aid to medicinal products ) - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or pethidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take " and " warnings and precautions "). - digoxin . - pethidine , an anti - inflammatory medicine ( nasal ) - ephedrine , pseudoephedrine - this medicine should be used with caution in patients with depression or parkinson ' s disease . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression
do not take hulio if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe tuberculosis , including active tuberculosis ( high blood glucose ), wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , as it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to clopidogrel , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking other_nsaids : - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): when taking other_nsaids , such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for difficult breathing ) or other opioid opioid water ( water tablets ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid sores ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid sores ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid sores ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid sores ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you have severe diabetes . - if you are using a proton pump inhibitor ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you have blurred vision or other breathing problems - if you have diabetes . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - if you have or have had pain in the mouth or throat ( a type of skin cancer ) especially if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking other_nsaids . other medicines and other_nsaids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . especially if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac - signs of an allergic reaction may include ketoprofen as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , lips , mouth or throat , other_nsaids , ketoprofen , severe skin rash , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac , as these may be signs of a severe skin reaction known as swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , and diclofenac . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking other_nsaids . other medicines and other_nsaids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other eye_irritation , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , cortisone - diclofenac or diclofenac ( when taken by mouth ) - ketoprofen ( used to treat skin diseases ) - ketoprofen ( used to treat skin disorders ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen
do not use dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( such as dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you suffer from heart failure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as well as breathing problems - colchicine , used to treat gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine , used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever - colchicine if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord if you have or have had gout problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor may also want to monitor your blood pressure during treatment with darunavir mylan . if you have signs of seizures during treatment with darunavir mylan , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of seizures . if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , apalutamide , apalutamide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as well as in the treatment of high blood pressure or other medicines used to treat falls ( see section 4 ), quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , sotalol , ibutilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of seizures during treatment with darunavir , you should inform your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if the treatment should be continued . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and darunavir mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for heart problems ( e . g . amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ). - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , other mental health problems ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ). - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of low blood pressure . colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be the case of colchicine . if you have taken any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as clopidogrel , lapatinib , lapatinib , lapatinib ( for cancer ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of low blood pressure . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be the case of colchicine . if you have taken any of the medicines listed below , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking a_new_medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , lapatinib , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , other mental disorders , including colchicine , used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine - colchicine to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . - rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be the case of colchicine . - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you have kidney problems - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section medicines ). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonamides . tell your doctor if you have or have had infections , including diabetes . tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections and infections ) 22 tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including sulphonamides ); tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); - if you are taking medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding ") - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether 22 is suitable for you . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - sulphonamides ( such as sulphonamides ) used to treat infections . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to brinzolamide or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section medicines ). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonamides . tell your doctor if you have or have had infections , including diabetes . tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ). tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ). tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ). tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to treat infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ,
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of urine , increase in appetite and a number of blood cells seen in the blood ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_ketone_levels : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of urine , increase in appetite and a number of blood cells seen in the blood ). if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia or neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). see ' other medicines and any_medicines '. if you are taking any of the following medicines : if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given 4. if : you have ever had neutropenia ( a type of neutropenia ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some people have a higher risk of being treated with any of the following medicines : tell your doctor if you have or have ever had a viral infection , or if you have , or have ever had , a viral infection or if you have , or have ever had , a viral infection , or if you have , or think you have , an infection . - if you have , or think you have , an infection . - if you have , or have ever had , a previous viral infection or if you think you might be at risk of serious infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv - if you are being treated with any medicine which may cause fever , chills or shivering , which may be signs of a serious infection , or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your chemotherapy treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you develop headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm , a fever or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you develop headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm , a fever or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you develop headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm , a fever or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child may get headaches , chills or shivering , or have a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you develop a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches such as chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you develop a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , such as chills , shivering or being unwell . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , such as chills , shivering or being unwell . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of headaches , such as chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , such as chills , shivering or being unwell . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of headaches such as chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived clonidine - if you have heart problems - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have heart problems - if you have heart failure - if you have heart problems - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you are currently taking another of the following medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - imipramine ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - imipramine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ) - selegiline and other " monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( such as clonidine , beta - blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - selegiline and isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - selegiline and isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat depression ) - selegiline and other " ergot alkaloids " ( such as clonidine , often used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . clonidine , isoprenaline ) or to treat parkinson ' s disease ( as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine ). you may also need other treatments . make sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta blockers or clonidine , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( e . g . imipramine and isoprenaline ) - parkinson ' s disease . medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . clonidine , isoprenaline ) or to treat parkinson ' s disease ( such as moclobemide ). - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , clonidine ) for parkinson ' s disease . - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as moclobemide ). - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example sleep_disorders , clonidine ) for parkinson ' s disease . - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . clonidine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as moclobemide ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as moclobemide ). - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( blood_vessel ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stroke , stomach ulcer , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please discuss with your doctor if you think any of these may apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or stomach ulcer ). - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you are suffering from diverticulitis , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . high blood pressure , feeling_of_fainting or breathlessness ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the gut ( tardive dyskinesia ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as high blood pressure , high blood pressure , breathlessness , swelling , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . you should not receive this medicine : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be a_vaccination , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses , such as rash , cough , fever , chills , disorientation , changes in blood pressure , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . a white blood cell count ) or platelets ( a cancer that affects the blood cells that fight infection , and blood clotting cells called platelets ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the way your immune system works . if you are a patient with hepatitis b or have ever had it , please tell your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense . if you are due to have a vaccination , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , dizziness , headache , feeling sick , weakness , dizziness , headache , headache , and headache ( see section 4 ) do not drive or use machines until these symptoms disappear .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or gallstones ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had pancreatitis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of these_medical_conditions reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you suffer from pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you suffer from pancreatitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare ,
do not use xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to pioglitazone , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual : if you have heart failure or heart failure with high blood sugar . if you suffer from high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for high_blood_sugar_can_affect ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower your dose of the sulphonylurea when you take it together with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual fgk and insulin experienced the development of fall in blood sugar . if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower your dose of the sulphonylurea when you take it together with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual insulin and insulin experienced the development of fall in blood sugar . if you are taking insulin , your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type hypoglycaemia ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type heart_disease diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children there is no experience with the use of pioglitazone in children below the age of 2 years . other medicines and toujeo tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines affect your blood sugar level and this may mean that your insulin dose has to change . listed below are the most common medicines which may affect your insulin treatment . your blood sugar level may fall ( hypoglycaemia ) if you take : other medicines for the treatment of diabetes . your blood sugar level may fall ( hypoglycaemia ) if you take : other medicines for the treatment of diabetes , your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or insulin . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and hypoglycaemia . if you are ill , you will need a blood sample to check your blood sugar more often , in order to avoid fall blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat fall in blood sugar ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - insulin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you are taking insulin , your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall . careful monitoring is recommended . your blood
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had severe liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , fever or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have had , a_cough or severe infections . - if you have , or have had , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had : - a liver or liver problems - if you have or have ever had fever , chills , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , bloating , redness and swelling , see section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience symptoms such as skin_rash , chills , sickness or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as skin rash , redness or swelling ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience symptoms such as skin rash , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take john's_wort ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take these treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of liver problems , including tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bloating ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take these treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of liver problems , including tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking bloating ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had seizures ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you experience pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( 4 weeks , see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right belly ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you to stop using this medicine . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right belly ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right belly ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right belly ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you develop pain or pain in the upper
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ) - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids of the womb , eyes , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , belly ), - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - if you have belly ( a complication of red blood cells ) after previous treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ( see section " other medicines and this " and section 4 ). if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have porphyria ( a condition where your skin is unable to supply enough blood to the ovaries , e . g . due to long - lasting or pain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen or belly ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , belly , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , belly , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen or belly ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen , belly , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen , abdomen ) - if you have abdomen ( belly ) - if you have abdomen ( yellowing of the abdomen
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are abnormally low ( myelosuppression ) such as ergotamine or dihydroergotamine , migraine ( stomach pain ) or pimozide ( high blood sugar ) ergotamine or diabetes ( high blood pressure ) ergotamine or dihydroergotamine ( for migraine ) midazolam or food ( e . g . phenytoin , triazolam) ) ( used for treating mental illness ) and sleep disorder ( e . g ., omeprazole , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) ( used for treating mental illness ) pimozide ( used to treat severe pain relief ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of depression ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., omeprazole , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) ( used to treat migraine ) midazolam ( used to treat opioid dependence ) midazolam ( used to treat opioid addiction ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of depression ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking alfentanil , and if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking alfentanil . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 2 for more information . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and alfentanil tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of alfentanil and your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : warfarin , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( to lower cholesterol levels ) ciclosporin ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used to treat migraine ) and inflammation ( e . g ., atorvastatin , triazolam) ) ( used in the treatment of mental illness ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) used to treat severe pain relief ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating severe insomnia and drug disorder ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of psychiatric illness ) omeprazole ( used to treat some forms of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g ., omeprazole ) ( used to treat heroin addiction ) make sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following side effects : - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , glipizide , and glyburide ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for hay fever ( e . g ., tolbutamide , triazolam) ) - used to treat pain and inflammation ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - used to treat mental health problems ( e . g ., omeprazole ) - used to treat viral infections ( e . g ., omeprazole ) - anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . omeprazole ) ( used for treating mental disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - alfentanil ( used to treat viral infections ) - alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - alfentanil ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some forms of side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some forms of side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some forms of side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some forms of side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some cancers ) - alfentanil ( used to
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this vaccine . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . the use of this medicine is not recommended . if you have kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use
do not take zeposia - if you are severely treated or have been treated for blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), or tia ( a condition where the heart is unable to supply enough blood to the ecg ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the heart known as hepatitis c - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an abnormally slow or pounding heartbeat . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an abnormally slow or pounding heartbeat . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 , possible side effects ). - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 , possible side effects ). do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience blurred vision , discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the treatment immediately and contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may increase side effects of this medicine . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat breathing problems ) such as tiotropium , indacaterol . these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and may increase the risk of side effects . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat , e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat an irregular heartbeat ( e . g . pneumonia ) - ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat the symptoms of high blood pressure ) - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat , e . g . pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat the treatment of high blood pressure ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat ) - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat the treatment of high blood pressure ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat ) - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . if you get these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . driving and using machines some people have reported for breathing problems . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience these symptoms .
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 26 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine : - if you have any symptoms of seizures ( convulsions ) or if you have been treated for seizures ( see section " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 ). - if you have severe diarrhoea , convulsions , fever , joint pain or convulsions , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the following symptoms : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ); - fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , fever , joint pain , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor if any of these symptoms apply to you . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . - if you experience fever , fever , joint pain or convulsions ( signs of convulsions ). - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of seizures ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions ). these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of seizures ( such as fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or convulsions ). these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including life - threatening skin rashes ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or convulsions ). if these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . certain other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that may increase the risk of side effects ; - opioids ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or constipation ) - if you are prone to this problem . - pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh together with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . if you experience constipation , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if
do not take xadago : if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin or inflammation ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you have pain or inflammation of the joints ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ), treatment for high blood pressure or rosuvastatin ( diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) or levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) or levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to
do not use zytiga if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have liver problems - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . if you have diabetes . this medicine may increase your risk of getting diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis , blood poisoning , or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab , if you or the child have , or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure in the past . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , infections . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of rituximab in children and young people . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with this medicine . if you are a man who is being treated with this medicine , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 12 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because rituximab may alter male fertility . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive or use machines . 107 contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ). if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking brivudine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with chickenpox ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin rash , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , or dehydrated ( loss of consciousness ) - if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a deformity of the valves of your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart body is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - severe immunological diseases ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a deformity of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart body is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you have an fainted with the use of factor viii medicines , you should not be given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ), a very rare but serious brain infection ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment if you : - are taking medicine to treat cancer ( see section " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are taking medicine which may cause an increase in blood pressure ( see section 4 ). - if you have severe liver problems , since your dose may need to be adjusted . - dizziness or feeling faint when starting treatment with medicines like this medicine ( see section " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have problems with your liver . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have recovered . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . cyclosporin ). - if you are taking ketoconazole or itraconazole , a medicine used to treat fungal infections . - if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . cyclosporin ) or medicines used to prevent organ rejection ( see section " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . cyclosporin ). - if you are taking ketoconazole or itraconazole , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c - if you are taking another medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( cyclosporin ). - if you are taking another medicine used to treat viral infections ( e . g . cyclosporin [ a medicine used to treat hepatitis c ). - if you are taking another medicine used to treat viral infections ( e . g . cyclosporin [ medicines used to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . cyclosporin b ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking these medicines before you start taking these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) ritonavir) . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become eye_surgery . driving and using machines dizziness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 3 ).
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking aliskiren . if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without cholestasis ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). if you have kidney problems . if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking telmisartan accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the illnesses of low blood pressure : - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of aliskiren in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with the_medicines : lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . you should not be given afstyla if : you or your child is allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number . please tell your doctor if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): anaphylaxis , of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of epoetin alfa hexal . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of the treatment . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with nuwiq , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are not sure . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are not sure . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have a low number of red blood cells in the past ( which may or may not have been caused by other viruses ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) - if you have or ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because hepatitis_b can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your_treatment treatment or reduce the dose . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your_treatment treatment . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicine until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using the medicinal product before you start treatment . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of tadalafil , which are used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious injury ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or high_blood_pressure_in_the_lungs ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( blood_clots ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - have heart failure or have
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking repaglinide krka and if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking repaglinide krka ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , for diabetic diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . if you are over 75 years old . if you take
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have liver_disease ( high blood glucose ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can : check your white blood cells and liver function . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . if , despite these measures , pregnancy occurs , tell your doctor straight away . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are a man being treated with azacitidine accord , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because docetaxel may alter male fertility . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness or tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe heart failure - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have a heart rhythm disorder - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have asthma - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have diabetes - if you have a heart rhythm disorder - if you have diabetes - if you have a heart rhythm disorder - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you experience symptoms such as asthma , severe skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , irritation , breathing difficulties , or difficulty breathing . if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , redness or swelling of the face , skin rash , irritation , breathing difficulties , and difficulty breathing . if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as redness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) while using this medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , redness of the face , skin and throat , irritation in the chest , throat , breathing difficulties , or difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a problem with your heart especially if you experience symptoms such as redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a rare brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , skin rash , skin rash , or difficulty breathing you should immediately stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy in this population has not been established . other medicines and using other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm or high blood pressure . some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - beta blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems - some medicines for diabetes ( beta blockers , for example parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - some medicines for diabetes ( beta blockers , for example , to correct heart rhythm , e . g . quinidine or timolol ) - to treat mental disorders ( e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ) - quinidine , timolol ( used for the treatment of mental disorders ); - quinidine , timolol ( used to treat irregular heart rhythms ) - quinidine , timolol ( used to treat irregular heart rhythms ) - quinidine , timolol ( used to treat irregular heart rhythms ) - quinidine , timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive cardiovascular disease ) - quinidine ( used to treat diabetes ), - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat diabetes ), - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat diabetes ), - abnormal heart rhythms ( e . g . quinidine , timolol ) - to treat glaucoma ( high blood pressure ), - quinidine ( used
do not take nplate if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting ( e . g . danazol , azathioprine , a medicine used to prevent blood clotting ). - if you have or have had a disease of blood clots . - if you are overweight ( especially if you are obese ) - if you are obese ( overweight ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and precautions "). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are elderly ) - if you are overweight or overweight ( see section " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have recently had surgery or are overweight ( see " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes : if you have or have had liver problems . if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have recently had surgery , blood clots in your arteries ( a condition where blood clotting attacks blood clots ) or if you are overweight ( obese or obese ) if you are overweight ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . blood clots : abnormalities may increase the risk of bleeding . blood clots in the veins ( abnormalities ) have been reported in patients receiving danazol ( see also " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you have recently had surgery or are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are a woman of childbearing potential not taking other medicines ( for example , to prevent blood clotting ) or to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase the risk of bleeding . - if you have recently had surgery or are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you have a risk of blood clots , as there is a higher risk of bleeding when you start using medicines ( for example , to prevent blood clotting ). it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start bone_marrow_changes . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . blood clots : tell your doctor if you have or have had : surgery or recently had surgery ( for example , blood clots in your arteries , blood clots in your arteries , blood clots in the leg or abnormalities ) are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and precautions "). - if you are overweight or obese , especially if you are less than overweight , or if you are a woman of
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in patients with copd . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , during treatment , especially in the treatment of an allergic reaction . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). − if you suffer from severe depression or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) or enoxacin ( except antibiotics called ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) or tramadol ( used to treat pain and lower fever ), convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ), convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ), convulsions ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) convulsions ( used to treat seizures and prevent fits ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fluvoxamine ( see also section " possible side effects "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm ) − if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as fluvoxamine , depression ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat seizures ) - adrenaline ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and other anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and other anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and other anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are taking enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - weakness , shortness of breath or attempted suicide ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can : decide if you should receive or continue to receive azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . if , despite these measures , pregnancy occurs , tell your doctor straight away . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception ( contraception ) while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are a man being treated with azacitidine accord , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of breast - feeding for a child , - if you are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like tiredness or tiredness , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : 32 if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had heart failure . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer in your brain . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , atazanavir , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see also " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir or fosamprenavir 32 - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see also " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir or fosamprenavir 32 - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir or fosamprenavir 32 if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see also " do not take darunavir "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see also " other medicines and darunavir "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir or fosamprenavir 32 - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ( see " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , phenobarbital , mirabegron , darunavir , saquinavir , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine , fluvoxamine ,
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord . treatment with zoledronic acid accord is not recommended in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . treatment with zoledronic acid accord is not recommended in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have had gout problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have gout ( hepatic impairment ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - metoprolol ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - metoprolol ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart problems ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , and psoriasis ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ), - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - digoxin ( used to treat gout ), - if you are taking enzalutamide ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) -
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , glycopyrronium , mometasone sulphate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have heart problems . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever been told you have low blood pressure . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without treatment with medicines like pregnant ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment - these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , itchy skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of seizures ). - tightness of the chest , itching , hives or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment - these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used for the treatment of breathing problems ) it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) theophylline) ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline) ( used to treat some forms of depression ) - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ) - medicines that may be used for the treatment of breathing problems ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . rolufta ellipta contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of temporary changes in blood pressure . - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat other types of pain ), or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of bleeding , and could be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and iscover tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel_acino_pharma or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of temporary blood clots , e . g . ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ,
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are allergic to products listed ( mouse ) sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , mitotane , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are allergic to products listed ( mouse ) sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , mitotane , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are allergic to products listed ( mouse ) sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , mitotane , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are allergic to products listed ( mouse ) sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , mitotane , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking narcolepsy : - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have been overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you are overweight ( particularly if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take overweight "). if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take narcolepsy "). if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight or have been treated for heart failure ( e . g . rheumathoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) or if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or a high or high blood pressure . - if you are overweight , have heart failure or have a history of blood clots , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or bleeding . - if you are overweight or have a major injury - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) if you are overweight , or have ever had , heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of lung_problems reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight ,
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron ( a group of skin cancer ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , blisters , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have ever had a heart problem ( such as blisters or rash , swelling , swelling , swelling in the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . - if you suffer from severe asthma . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have cancer . clothing and clothing if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given sun_protection if : you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are at risk of developing cancer , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with sun_protection is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given sun_protection . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with clothing . tell your doctor if you are taking or have taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clothing . tell your doctor if you are currently taking , or have recently taken , any other cancer , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way clothing works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way clothing works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : sun_protection , ondansetron ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ), such as clothing and clothing . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clothing . - tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . sun_protection can be used together with
do not take duoplavin if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a medical condition that is being being born , such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding_in_the_stomach within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your chest ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - lithium salts ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ). - oral contraceptives ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) or other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , o medicines to prevent blood clotting ( oral anticoagulants , medicines to reduce blood clotting , clotting medicines , or medicines that reduce the blood clotting ). in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase blood clotting ( oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , clotting medicines , or medicines that reduce the blood clotting ). these include medicines used to reduce blood clotting , or other non - hormonal agents , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , to prevent clotting or to treat travel ( e . g . carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat diabetes ), - paclitaxel ( medicine to treat cancer ), - opioids ( medicine to treat cancer ), - opioids ( medicine to treat some forms of cancer , such as opioids ), - clopidogrel , a medicine to treat some forms of cancer , - opioids , other antiplatelet agent , medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other medicines that may increase the risk of bleeding . - oral anticoagulants : medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting or to prevent blood clotting . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are already taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you
do not take simbrinza if you are less than less than 5 weeks of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in combination with this medicine . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking duloxetine mylan : - if you have or have had liver problems , including diabetes . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( side_effects ) - if you have any of the following : - sickle cell anaemia , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome . - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( side_effects ) - if you have any of the following : - sickle cell anaemia , which may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood or blood , seen in blood tests . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will also check your blood pressure regularly during treatment . - if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor may also give you treatment to reduce your blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils , white blood cells and neutrophils ). your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor your blood cells . your doctor will also monitor your blood cells regularly during treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests to monitor your blood cells during treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva : if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells in the blood ( transaminases ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your medicine if : - you have any infection or if you have any liver problems - if you have jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) in your kidneys - if you have fever - if you have a history of infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive
do not use emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions 40 serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 " possible side effects " for more details see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac or rivaroxaban ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac or rivaroxaban ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac or rivaroxaban ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , or diclofenac . - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ). if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran ,
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . treatment with elvitegravir is not recommended during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you have a very high level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust or change your dose of treatment ). your blood will be checked frequently before and during your treatment with this_medicine . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamin k antagonists or warfarin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with digoxin : - digoxin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - if you are taking other medicines containing any of the following active substances : - vitamin k antagonists used to thin the blood . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamin k antagonists or warfarin . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with digoxin : - digoxin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - if you are taking other medicines containing any of the following active substances : - vitamin k antagonists used to thin the blood . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take digoxin " and " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take digoxin " and " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase urine production ( such as warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine ) or nifedipine ( medicines used to suppress the blood , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - digoxin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take digoxin " and " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take digoxin " and " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamin k antagonists or warfarin ( see also information under the headings " do not take
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in the 6 listed in section 6 of this leaflet , if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . neomycin , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to any of the following vaccination , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor if you have any symptoms of pain , fever , or feeling tired or bleeding in the past , or are allergic to any other vaccine ( e . g . measles , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . your doctor will tell you whether treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . other vaccines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , rubella ( used to treat convulsions ) - vaccination ( live vaccines ) - measles , tetanus , rubella , mumps ( for convulsions ) - vaccination ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ) - vaccination ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ) - vaccination ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( for convulsions ) - vaccination ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination . - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( fits ) after receiving vaccination , - measles , mumps , rubella , or
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have ever had diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you experience tiredness , dizziness , or loss of consciousness ( these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using your_lung_function : - if you experience symptoms such as tiredness , dizziness or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , memory loss or c . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . c , c , or dependence ). - if you have or have had inflammation of the intestines ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience any of the following symptoms , which may be a sign of another , more serious , disease , a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you experience symptoms such as spitting or loss of vision , stop taking your_lung_function and contact your doctor straight away . - if you suffer from severe asthma , - if you experience spitting or loss of vision , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms : - if you experience symptoms such as spitting vision , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you experience a combination of symptoms such as spitting the chance of getting an infection , tell your doctor who will decide whether you should be treated . - if you experience symptoms such as spitting or loss of vision , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to stop taking symptoms until your doctor has told you to do so . symptoms of such reactions include spitting fever , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking your_lung_function and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to stop taking leflunomide cipla and tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as spitting vision , or if you notice any change in your vision . signs and symptoms that you may be more likely to develop : - spitting vision , pain in the upper right belly ( belly ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , ulcers in the upper right side of your stomach area ( ulcers ), or ulcers in your stomach ( ulcers ) or lymphoma ( inflammation of the spinal cord ), or if you have a history of drug abuse ( c ), or if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in patients with copd . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , during treatment , especially in the treatment of an allergic reaction . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . - if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had severe infections . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you are at risk of you ( or your child ) if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing any of the following active substances : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a woman of hepatitis b infection you may be told to have a dental check - up before you receive chemotherapy . you will be given adequate blood tests before you are given rituximab and regularly while you are being treated with rituximab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the way of your heart works , your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and qutavina tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception while you are being treated with ruxience and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception while you are being treated with ruxience and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . driving and using machines miglustat spiromax may make you feel dizzy . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel dizzy . celsentri contains sodium this medicine contains 3 . 2 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if you : - experience any of the following : - fever , red or high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure , platelets ( sickle cell anaemia ), platelets ( blood clots in the blood vessel wall ) - have a bleeding disorder ( such as a low number of red blood cells ) - platelets ( a blood clotting disorder ) - have a bleeding disorder or bleeding in the brain ( deep vein thrombosis ) or bleeding in the brain ( retinal vein occlusion ) or bleeding in the brain ( retinal vein occlusion ) or bleeding in the brain ( retinal vein occlusion ) or bleeding ( see also " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell during treatment , see also section " possible side effects " in section 4 . - if you experience fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you are at risk of bleeding , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you experience fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you are a woman of child - bearing age , your doctor will monitor you more closely during treatment . - if you experience fever or if you feel unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you are planning to become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should avoid becoming pregnant and must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive , cycle or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or weak , do not drive , cycle or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or feeling_unwell , do not drive , cycle or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or feeling_unwell , do not drive , cycle or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or feeling_unwell , do not drive , cycle or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you feel tired or
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines such as certain kinds of seizures ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine sandoz : if you have , or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use the medicine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . hypertension ( e . g . angina ) or to treat parkinson ' s disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz with food , drink and alcohol rivastigmine sandoz may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause side effects such as spasms , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have diverticulitis ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking medicines for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with diverticulitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe a_tear , stroke , heart failure or stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have had gout in the past . - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop taking warfarin until you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart stroke is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from a_tear ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop taking warfarin until you have been told by your doctor . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcer or diverticulitis ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have a problem with your immune system .
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this medicinal product . other medicines and pemetrexed fresenius kabi tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking pemetrexed fresenius kabi before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of pemetrexed accord . you must not
do not take ganfort 44 - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from heart failure - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with symptoms of a blood clot in the eye ( choking arrhythmia ) - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking iris - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as choking ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking heartbeat - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have had a lower limb amputation . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking heartbeat - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if you have ever had problems with your liver . if you have ever had problems with your liver . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin or carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) such as ' proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , indigestion and heartburn ) and acids ( used to reduce stomach acid ). these medicines are often used to thin the blood or prevent blood clots . warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a blood clot in a blood test . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your immune system . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your immune system . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . women being treated with this medicine should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . men should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . if you become pregnant during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away . you should not breast - feed while on treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use tools or machines . if you feel dizzy , do not drive , cycle , or use tools or machines . if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . medicines that may increase the risk of severe high blood pressure . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal or irregular or irregular heartbeat ). if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being unwell ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being unwell ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency medical care . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you have a low level of platelets or ankle_swelling in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as headache , weakness_in_an_arm_or_a_leg , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite and / or swelling of your face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency medical care . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea or vomiting , - if you
do not take stribild : if you are allergic to tenofovir , neomycin , gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , or neomycin . if you have had a allergic reaction to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin or aminoglycosides ( see section 6 , " aminoglycosides "). if you have liver disease . if you have hepatitis b or c ( if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take apixaban accord and tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . take special care with 49 - if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are a woman ) - if you are taking medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have or have had dementia ( a type of blood clots ) or any other dementia . if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). - medicines which may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may cause fever ( see section " other medicines and zyprexa hct "). you may feel drowsy or drowsy if you take other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). - medicines which may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may cause fever ( see section " other medicines and zyprexa lipomed "). you may feel drowsy or drowsy if you take other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa velotab or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). - medicines which may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may cause fever ( see section " other medicines and zyprexa lipomed "). you may feel drowsy or drowsy if you take other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa velotab or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). - medicines which may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may cause fever ( see section " other medicines and zyprexa "). zyprexa velotab with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy , drowsy and drowsy . it is especially important
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zoledronic acid hexal : if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines zoledronic acid accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . however , if you have been told by your doctor or other healthcare professional that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . other medicines and zoledronic acid hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - to prevent cancer - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . lactose ), contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have a bleeding disorder or bruising easily . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in very small amounts such as neomycin , tetanus , rubella or poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis sulphate ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), neomycin , mumps , rubella , or poliomyelitis ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory ) such as neomycin , mumps , rubella
do not receive bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with this vaccine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to delay your vaccination until your fever is gone . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive this vaccine , but talk to your doctor first . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this vaccine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines until you feel better . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium free '.
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems , - if you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . blood tests during your treatment , your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment is working for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . phenytoin ) medicines to reduce blood clotting . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby
do not use docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fluid_retention or loss of vision , which could be a sign of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who have ever had an allergic reaction to dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as dexamethasone ), which are used in the treatment of breathing difficulties , e . g . fever , shortness of breath or cough with or without breathing . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur at the start of the treatment . if you experience any of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication breezhaler unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose , especially at the start of treatment . if this applies to you , use premedication contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned fever . if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking premedication anti - platelet agents . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking dexamethasone and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other medicines and premedication fgk tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . you
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems ; - if you have injury or heart problems - if you have heart failure - if you have high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from depression - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat or treat parkinson ' s disease ) - are taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - depression ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat sleep disorders , e . g . ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , fosamprenavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , nevirapine , fosamprenavir , boceprevir ,
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you experience a cough , itching , hives , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing ,
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this hexal and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you experience an allergic reaction including swelling of the face , lips , hives , tongue , generalised itching , swelling of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . you may need a higher dose of gonal - f to produce follicles . this is especially important if you or your family / carer notices you are developing bleeding . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may produce dizziness , which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins ( 18f ) follicle hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( tumour inside the breasts of the ovary or ovary ) - if you are pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( liver disease ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( embryo ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if pregnancy occurs during your treatment , you must immediately inform your doctor . - if you are a man who is being treated with gonadotropins , tell your doctor straight away if you : have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be ectopic_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if pregnancy occurs during your treatment , you must immediately inform your doctor . - if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of using pregnancy . pregnancy outside women of childbearing age who have partners who are able to become ectopic_pregnancy must use an effective method of birth control during treatment with gonal - f . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not intended for use by women . driving and using machines gonal - f is not likely to affect your ability to drive and use machines . gonal - f is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , if you " re feeling unwell , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure that makes you prone to low blood pressure - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have diabetes - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the urticaria , lips , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse , or nurse before you are given all urticaria - if you experience a hypersensitivity reaction ( hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ( see section 4 ), skin hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic but are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a heart attack or if you have a weakened immune system ( such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ) or have a weakened immune system . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . you may need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) have any of the following or combination of the following signs : endstage granulomatosis with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . hepatitis b virus tell your doctor if you think you had a lot of infection in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as ruxience or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( see section " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have recently received or are using any of the following vaccines . your doctor may need to alter the dose of these other vaccines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is especially important if you are using any of the vaccinations listed below : do not take any vaccines containing rituximab if you are not sure . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ruxience if you are using any of the following vaccines , as your doctor may need to alter the dose of these other vaccines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is especially important if you are using any of the following vaccines : - vaccinations , as the dose of some vaccines may need to be changed . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with any of the following vaccines : - vaccinations , as the dose of some vaccines may need to be changed . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with any vaccines ( see also information under the headings " do not receive " and " warnings and precautions "). it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following vaccines . vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines known as " calcium - blockers " used to treat diverticulitis , urinary infections or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from severe liver or kidney problems - if you have or ever had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the treatment is not related to normal own cells ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( allergic_reactions ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ), if you have active tuberculosis or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor will test you for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before your child is given treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with blood_tests . this is so that your doctor can decide if your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will tell you whether your blood cell count is too low . if you are also receiving feel_unwell , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment is started . if you develop signs of a blood clot , such as painful shortness of breath , listlessness or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given a_blood_test . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood test . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood . your doctor will tell you whether your child should have a blood test . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your treatment with a blood test . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing infection such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you have signs of a blood clot , please contact your doctor . if you need to have any vaccinations , please tell your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . asthma , if you have heart problems or high blood pressure . if you have or have had high blood pressure . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a disease in a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are diabetes ( especially if you are using medicines which lower potassium levels in the blood ). - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since the dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are diabetes ( especially if you are using medicines which lower potassium levels in the blood ). - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since the dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), since your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an eye problem called glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - if you are using medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol or potassium ) which are used to treat diabetes . - if you are using medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking formoterol hct before and during treatment with hydrochlorothiazide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . inform your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . hirobriz breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose ( milk sugar ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 31 - a medicine to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel ,
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully , even if they are different from what is in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja - if you are another_treatment to pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . medicines containing cytarabine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . cytarabine , this or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this treatment . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . medicines containing cytarabine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . cytarabine , this or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this treatment . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . medicines containing cytarabine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever been told you have low blood pressure . - if you have ever experienced abnormal movements of the tongue or face ( tardive dyskinesia ). you should be aware that this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had heart problems ( such as persistent cough , high blood pressure , diabetes , high blood pressure , seizures , or high blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) during treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had heart problems ( such as an irregular heartbeat , a very fast pulse , narrowing of the arteries or heart failure ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be tricyclic_antidepressants , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you get seizures during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - have severe liver problems - have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have high blood sugar or high levels of potassium in your blood ). - you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ). - if you have high blood pressure . - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have ever experienced abnormal movements of the tongue or face ( tardive dyskinesia ) during treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if : you have ever had heart problems ( such as persistent cough , a history of diabetes , or high blood pressure ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be tricyclic_antidepressants , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you get seizures during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - have severe liver problems - have ever had a liver problem during treatment with this medicine . - have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures , - if you suffer from seizures , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , to treat depression , - heparin , or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , to treat depression , - heparin , to treat depression , - heparin , or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( ticlopidine ) ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine (
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). precautions if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking precautions . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_pregnancy . 29 tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : 28 if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . 29 tell your doctor straight away if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may need to run extra blood tests during treatment to check how well your liver is working . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and isturisa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide accord . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : lamivudine , mannitol , lactitol , maltitol , and other medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . the use of cladribine during pregnancy is not known . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use nespo if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if you are at risk of cancer , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ a_blood_transfusion ]). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you or your child ´ s bleeding is not being controlled with nuwiq , tell your doctor immediately . cardiovascular events if you know that you have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may lead to a higher risk of severe skin cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and severe complications . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks it is not known whether you have an infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this eye : - if you have an infection , especially if you had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have a serious infection , such as increased_discomfort or worsening of breathing difficulties , which may lead to loss of consciousness . - if you have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), which may lead to loss of red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), which may lead to loss of red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), which may lead to loss of consciousness . increased_discomfort can increase the risk of increased_discomfort in the lungs which may lead to serious condition known as increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ). - inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may tell you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , increased_discomfort or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may tell you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , a mild fever , increased sweating in your arms or legs , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . increased_discomfort : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort : - if you have a mild fever , joint pain , blood in your stools , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort . your doctor may give you a medicine to treat this infection . - develop a serious infection , such as flu - like symptoms , which may lead to loss of consciousness , a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of a breakdown of red blood cells include increased_discomfort , ulcers in the upper right side of your stomach area , yellowing of the chest , eyes , nose , genitals and eyes . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort . your doctor may give you a medicine to treat this infection . - develop a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a condition in which the blood attacks too too much uric acid in the blood which may lead to increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in some patients taking increased_discomfort . the symptoms can include increased_discomfort , weakness in the arms and legs or legs . if this happens , contact your
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you : - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - are breast - feeding children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine may harm your unborn baby . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , tell your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor will tell you if you should be taking calcium supplements . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had hypocalcaemia . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - low numbers of calcium in your blood . - low levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor may prescribe medicines to treat depression ( e . g . ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ) medicines to treat hiv infection ( aids ) such as amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( for bacterial infections ) or ciprofloxacin ( a medicine used to treat some bacterial depression ) or itraconazole ( a medicine used to treat depression ); amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or 4. ( a medicine used to treat hiv_infection ), amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) or herbal remedies ( used to treat depression ) amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) rifampicin , telithromycin
do not take jentadueto if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severely reduced kidney function . if you have uncontrolled hypoglycaemia , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body )
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take products "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other products ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other products ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and c ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have had allergic_reactions ( a type of inflammation of the bone ) or inflammation of the body ( inflammation of the lungs ) or inflammation of the body ( allergic_reactions ) or you are taking products which increase the risk of allergic_reactions ( see section " other medicines and dexamethasone "). you should tell your doctor if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . muscle_weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) while on treatment with medicines like st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal treatment for depression . - if you are taking products which increase urine production ( e . g . dexamethasone ) or to help you sleep ( see section " other medicines and dexamethasone "). - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you or the child you are caring for : are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines to treat depression ( oral pain , weakness , dizziness , hands and hands ) when you are taking these medicines . these include : st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and other conditions - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you : - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are being treated for inflammation of the lung ( hepatitis ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose of some of these may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . some medicines can affect the way that works or increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any symptoms of infection such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you can usually continue to take other medicines whilst you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . however , if you are using a nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drug ( nsaid ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use clopidogrel krka , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you should be aware that this medicine may act as a blood cell growth factor and in some circumstances may have a negative impact on your baby . if you have a condition that may be associated with ttp ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe fever , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . it is especially important to mention the following to your doctor : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have recently had surgery , or you have , or have had , cancer in your stomach or veins ( for example , recent surgery of the veins , veins and / or veins ) if you have cancer of the veins in your veins ( veins ), your doctor will decide if you should be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . - if you are taking another surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to stop smoking ( see section " other arteries and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other arteries and the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ") - are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to medicines used to treat the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have very low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with other medicines . - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you are taking a medicine which may affect your blood pressure , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . a medicine can affect your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are using a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are using a medicine to prevent blood clots . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as sildenafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you are a woman able to have children and not using levodopa ( see section " other medicines and pramipexole accord "). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had dyskinesia ( for example , a specific type of water from the body ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pramipexole accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as back , camptocormia or feeling of fullness ). if you have behaviours such as schizophrenia , alcohol , fatigue , sweating or pain in the past , or problems with your vision . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking levodopa . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned confusion . - if you suffer from sleepiness or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have kidney problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines as they may interfere with the procedure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you are feeling unwell .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with levetiracetam ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). children and adolescents there is no relevant use of levetiracetam_actavis in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam_actavis during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding you should not breast - feed during treatment with levetiracetam accord . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , if : 27 - you have asthma ; 27 - if you have or have had asthma - if you have heart problems , - if you have difficulty passing urine - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - certain medicines for breathing problems ( e . g . tiotropium ). - this medicine is not recommended for use with this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or think you might be . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or think you might be . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had infections , including asthma or asthma ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). you have ever had asthma or asthma ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you have ever had asthma or asthma ( 4 , see section 4 , " possible side effects "). you have ever had asthma or are asthma . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had infections . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g . asthma , asthma , or infections ). - if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if you have active infections , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : are 58 to have infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( infections ), since the measures it may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice about this . your doctor may recommend that you consider this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are 58 to have infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you currently have or have had kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether lenalidomide is suitable for you and will decide that this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have poor kidney function . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing lenalidomide . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least two weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least two weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , tired or dizzy , do not drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest tightness , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , or fainting . if this occurs , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands , feet , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , pain and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting and / or tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using this medicine , talk to your doctor . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , or swelling of the face , hands , feet , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). if you experience chest pain , dizziness and fainting , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - chest tightness , fast and deep breathing , pain , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the following symptoms : chest pain , fast and deep breathing , pain , vomiting or diarrhoea . - if you have a severe allergic reaction . - chest tightness , fast and deep breathing , pain in the hands or feet , chest pain , pain and vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , diarrhoea , or an allergic reaction ). - chest tightness , fast and deep breathing , pain in the hands or feet , chest pain , pain and vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , diarrhoea , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , diarrhoea , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , diarrhoea , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as chest tightness , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea ). - if you have or have ever had a
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following allergic reaction - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of
