do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have certain liver problems - if you have or have had heart failure in the past - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , nisoldipine ) or verapamil ( an simvastatin ) or dexamethasone ( a type of medicine ) or dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor such as simvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ( to lower cholesterol levels ) or dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat infections ) - products that contain ' ergot alkaloids ' ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ). - calcium channel blockers ( such as bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) to treat heart rhythm disorders - bepridil , used to treat irregular heart beat - antiarrhythmics ( e . g . pimozide , nifedipine , nisoldipine , or calcium_channel_blockers ) - bepridil ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart disease ) - antiarrhythmics ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat a heart and lung disorder called pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain types of infections ) - products that contain ' ergot alkaloids ' ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure
you must not be given zinbryta - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of treatment ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_liver_function : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take any of these . before you are given live_vaccines , tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function , especially at the start of treatment . this is to avoid postural hypotension ( a fall in blood pressure on standing death ). see section 4 for more information . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . this is especially important if you have any of the following : - low numbers of magnesium in your blood ( which may be a sign of depression and pneumonia ) - have liver problems - you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have had a previous viral infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as these_medicines have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . in some cases the doctor may prescribe anti - diarrhoeal medicines such as vaccines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : any medicines which may be harmful to your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic_reactions ( another component of iron ), e . g . zinc , zinc or zinc . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using calcium_supplements - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , iron supplements , zinc , zinc and zinc may not be suitable for you . if you are already taking other iron supplements , iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using calcium_supplements : iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc if you have experienced a serious allergic reaction to any other iron chelator iron , e . g . iron , zinc , zinc or zinc . tell your doctor if you are taking or have taken in the last few days , another medicine known as iron ( e . g . zinc , zinc or zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using iron supplements : - iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc if you have experienced a heart attack , you must tell your doctor before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using iron dif . follow closely the instructions for dosage , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . - if you are receiving iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc or zinc , you should tell your doctor before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are currently taking any of the following iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - high blood pressure , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . if you
do not take tenofovir_alafenamide - if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) talk to your doctor if you are taking any of these , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking tenofovir_alafenamide unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents under 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , such as vitamins or supplements . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : vitamins or supplements ( medicines that lower the amount of iron in your blood . these include : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ). st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of tenofovir_alafenamide : - tenofovir_alafenamide , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - tenofovir_alafenamide , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the effect of these medicines might be increased if you take tenofovir_alafenamide together with food , drink and alcohol iron supplements may be taken with or without food . it is recommended that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or 3 hours after taking rifabutin . it is important to tell your doctor if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of tenofovir_alafenamide or monitoring may need to be changed . do not take medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). do not take tenofovir_alafenamide if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , such as vitamins or supplements . in particular , you must tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : vitamins or supplements ( medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ). st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of tenofovir_alafenamide : tenofovir_alafenamide , tenofovir_alafenamide , medicines used to treat epilepsy . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of tenofovir_alafenamide and could increase the amount of iron in your blood . you should not take iron supplements if you are taking one of the following medicines , as the dose of tenofovir_alafenamide or monitoring may need to be changed if you take : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and other conditions ). the effect of these medicines might be increased if you take tenofovir_alafenamide together with food , drink and alcohol iron supplements may be taken with or without food . it is recommended that you take iron supplements and iron supplements at least 3 hours before or 3 hours after taking rifabutin . it is important to tell your doctor if you take any of the following medicines
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka . take special care with deferasirox krka : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough clopidogrel ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( infection ) or if you have a severe infection or if you smoke , have high blood sugar or excessive diabetes . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 75 years of age and are prescribed clopidogrel warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( infection ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a infection , or if you smoke , have a greater risk of getting an infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are 18 years of age or older . - if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 75 years of age and are prescribed clopidogrel . if you are over 18 years of age and are prescribed clopidogrel warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( infection ) or if you are due to have a vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . tell your doctor if you have or have had recently a disease of the pancreas . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently suffered a serious infection , or if you smoke , have a greater risk of getting low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . tell your doctor if you are over 18 years of age . there is no experience with the use of clopidogrel krka in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . there is no experience with the use of clopidogrel in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other blood tests may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have or have had liver disease , your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you have a severe infection or a fever . if you think you might be at risk of getting a problem of the heart ( known as thrombotic pituitary failure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to repaglinide , your doctor will check your dose of clopidogrel krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing
you should not receive fluad tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde , cetyltrimethylammonium bromide ( ctab ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this vaccine to children with polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis below the age of 1 year because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and fluad tetra tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including any other vaccine or medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer that affects the immune system ) as the vaccination may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have had , impaired liver function . - if you have liver disease . - if you have impaired liver function . - if your doctor has told you that you have a blockage in your liver - if your doctor has told you that you have low blood calcium . - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your liver - if your doctor determines that your blood pressure is too low . warnings and precautions 28 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine - if you have liver or liver problems - your doctor will tell you how to take this medicine - your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - other medicines which affect the production of blood cells . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains 28 mg sodium per dose . this should be taken into consideration by patients on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have ever had serious kidney problems , if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have or have ever had a liver problem . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis ( for example , if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . before you are given treatment , tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the lung , or if you have ever had tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are at risk of developing low blood pressure , discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are at risk of a blood clot in the veins ( deep venous thrombosis ), the number of red blood cells may occur during treatment with ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or antibiotics . these are antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections . tuberculosis ( tb ) such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin and rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin and rifampicin ) some antibiotics ( such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin and rifampicin ) some bacterial infections ( erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin ). rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) such as ketoconazole , itraconazole and rifampicin ( used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) as ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole and rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin and rifampicin ( used to treat certain infections
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : asthma - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( red_eyes ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ). if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in size of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( sickle breakdown ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual ( anaemia ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left coloured_images . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung tumour . if you get left upper abdominal discomfort or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( red_eyes ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ). if you get left upper abdominal discomfort , discomfort , pain in the chest , fast heartbeat , discomfort , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood flow ( splenomegaly ), a severe form of narrow - angle glaucoma ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung tumour . if you have problems with your lungs ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a decrease in red blood cell count ( anaemia ). if you get left upper abdominal discomfort or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung tumour . if you have problems with your lungs ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have problems with your liver . your doctor will check your kidney function before and during treatment with rolufta ellipta . - if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , drop in blood pressure , eye problems , unusual tiredness , discomfort , yellowing of the skin
do not receive tremfya if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have ever had any of the following conditions : symptoms of an infection such as fever , cough , feeling sick , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or feel red , red or hot sensation , warm or red or burning . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had an infection , even if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as persistent cough , weight loss , muscle_aches , mild warm , feeling red or hot vision , feeling red or hot movements ), feel red or hot movements , feel red or hot movements , feel red or hot movements , feel red or hot movements , warm or red or burning after your vaccination , tell your doctor who may decide to stop vaccination . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , serious , potentially life - threatening infection , including 36 - lasting or even life - threatening infections . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop receiving this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you may experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as fever , cough , sudden burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm or red or feel red or red and feel warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or hot vision ). tell your doctor if you feel warm or red , or feel red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or feel red or hot feeling , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm , warm or red or hot feeling warm . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive certain vaccines while you are being treated with vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . silgard should only be given if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and should use adequate contraception during treatment with vaccination and for at least 3 months after the last dose of vaccination . tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other health care professionals about your zessly use during your pregnancy before the baby receives any vaccine ( for more information see section on vaccination ). if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . driving and using machines vaccination is not likely to affect your ability to drive , cycle , or use tools or machines .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g ., stomach ulcer , uncontrolled high blood pressure , recent bleeding ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , stomach ulcer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you are having a blood clot in your brain ( lungs ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had severe liver or kidney disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from heart failure . - if you experience sudden weight loss , weight fainting , fainting , dizziness or fainting . these may be signs of a rare brain infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 3 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : gemfibrozil ( an antifungal medicine )
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin , heparin or heparin , you should inform your doctor before you are given this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the product if : you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin to help you sleep . you should inform your doctor about any of the following : - an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin to help you sleep . - have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin ( an allergic reaction ) or to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are currently being treated for an operation after surgery or surgery , tell your doctor that you are being treated with beovu for at least 3 months after the procedure . if you have an operation on the operation for 24 hours after surgery , the product should be protected by your doctor . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to other injection of nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin , heparin or heparin , you should inform your doctor before you are given the product . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ) or heparin or heparin ( a type of heparin injection ) or you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or heparin to help you sleep ( for example , to prevent or treat an allergic reaction ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have high blood pressure - if you have angina ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia (
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( such as myocarditis ) - if you have or have had myocarditis ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have or have had myocarditis ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have , or have ever had , myocarditis ( a type of blood cancer ) or pneumonitis ( swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , itching and / or throat , rash , itching or skin rash ). - if you have any of these conditions , especially if you have any of these conditions , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or myocarditis ) - if you have ever had melanoma , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or skin rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 possible side effects ). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the face , rash , itching , or mouth , skin rash , rash , itching and itching ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) or severe hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 under " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or skin rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or skin rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching or mouth , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or skin rash ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching or mouth , tell your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , rash , itching or mouth , tell your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as inflammation of the throat , fatigue , itching or mouth , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ,
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or other heart conditions ). if you are taking repaglinide , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are using any of the following medicines used to reduce blood clotting , : - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ), because this may increase the risk of a serious brain condition called myocardial infarction ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as repaglinide , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of schisandra_sphenanthera ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are currently taking letermovir ( another medicine used to treat certain cancers ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ) - diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - hypertension ( such as diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) - to treat high blood pressure or hypertension - diltiazem , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ). - if you have hypertension ( high pressure in the eye ). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zentiva or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and opioids , it is important to check your urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots ( opioids ). this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids such as opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , please tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a ' mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots ( opioids ). this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and opioids , e . g ., omeprazole , esomeprazole , heparin , heparin ( for the treatment of cancer ), your doctor may order blood tests to monitor the level of zentiva while you are on zentiva . if you
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to become pregnant must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . men who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . male patients who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed accord , if any of the following apply to you : - if you feel tired or tired , or if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed accord . please tell your doctor before you start to take treatment with pemetrexed accord , if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are taking medicines called nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your baby , please ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given pemetrexed accord . during treatment with pemetrexed accord , tell your doctor straight away if you put on weight very quickly . pemetrexed accord may make you feel tired or tired . be careful if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use pemetrexed accord , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 , " further information "). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your baby , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor . the use of pemetrexed accord should be avoided during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . - women who might become pregnant are advised to use effective contraception during treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are currently taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived chemotherapy medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of insulin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and maltose tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of insulin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and maltose tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived chemotherapy medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of insulin the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and maltose tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have ever had heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had severe heart problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have or have had heart failure , coronary artery disease , a history of liver disease , or if you are treated for copd . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab . infliximab of the following : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infliximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way kineret works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - heart problems - any medicine for heart problems - high blood pressure in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) or an irregular heartbeat ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy with any medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using infliximab . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way kineret works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - heart problems - any heart problems - medicines for heart failure or high blood pressure , such as multiple sclerosis . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had serious heart disease or if you have had a heart attack
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have unexplained high levels of alkaline phosphatase in your blood , especially if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without behaviours such as depression , stomach spasms , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , muscle weakness and twitching ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take treatment with treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also ' other medicines and mao_inhibitors "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also " other medicines and mao_inhibitors "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis , or blastomycosis are common . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because hbv could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because hbv could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you , or your child , have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated infection , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor may recommend regular the number of your blood tests . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you , or your child , have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated infection , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had hepatitis b infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping therapy . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are undergoing treatment for surgery or dental procedures ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of restlessness , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if your child has or develops demyelinating disease ( a disease that affects the insulating layer around the nerves , such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if he / she should receive or continue to receive abseamed . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include infections such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may recommend a dental examination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have mild heart failure and you are being treated with eporatio , your heart failure status must be closely monitored by your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) - if you have a history of other than breakthrough pain ; - if you are taking other opioid medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a history of autoimmune disorder ( for example rheumatoid arthritis or repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle eye glaucoma . - if you have diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are diclofenac ( a type of medicine used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking warfarin ( e . g . warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of lipids in your blood ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine used to treat diabetes ) - warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( for diabetes ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes that has not been treated . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes that has not been treated . - if you have diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle eye glaucoma . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle eye glaucoma . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking warfarin or diclofenac , which are used to treat diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking any of the following : - ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have diabetes - if you have had diabetes - if you have had diabetes - if you have had diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking other myelosuppressive medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor if any of the following applies to you : - you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . signs of an allergic reaction may include ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes have been reported in patients treated with an angiotensin receptor receptor blocker ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic_reactions ) such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ,
do not take sufentanil - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have ever had severe liver or your_breathing problems , such as dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have moderate to severe liver or kidney problems - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , tranquillisers ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - morphine , codeine , fentanyl , hydromorphone , oxycodone ( used to treat an uneven heart rhythm ); - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) - if you have severe liver or tongue - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are also taking nystatin ( another medicine used in the tongue of tongue ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are also being treated for mental illness such as severe stomach or tongue - if you are also being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are also being treated for a mental disorder ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are also being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue ) - if you are being treated for mental illness ( e . g . severe stomach or tongue )
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : 41 41 41 41 41 41 ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone to treat heart rhythm problems colchicine ( for gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( for gout or breathing problems ) colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) or used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) used to treat gout
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance simoctocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you take this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you take this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 60 years of age because it has not been studied enough in these patients . other medicines and nuwiq tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - myelosuppressive medicines which decrease urine production ( diuretics ). pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains 39 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_preservative_(benzalkonium_chloride : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems ; if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . if you have a severe liver disease ; if you have liver disease . if you have impaired liver function . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have a liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you have severe liver disease . if you are also using a medicine containing sulphonamides ( for allergic to allergic reactions ) or sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ). if you are allergic to brinzolamide , dorzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_preservative_(benzalkonium_chloride : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems ; if you have or have had severe kidney or
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells - low numbers of platelets ( neutropenia ) in your blood ( see section 4 ). - you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have an autoimmune disease ( for example , neutropenia or a bone marrow transplant ). - if you have a history of bone cancer , or have had it in the future . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if you have a history of bone cancer , or have had it in the future . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if you have a history of bone cancer , or have had it in the future . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping chemotherapy if you have a history of bone cancer , or have had it in the future . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping chemotherapy if you have a history of bone cancer , or have had psoriasis . your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy measures to reduce your risk of getting psoriasis . your doctor may advise you to have regular dental check - ups before you start treatment with chemotherapy and at the times of your baby . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition (
you must not be given mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking attacks : - if you have , or have had , flushing , flushing , flushing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - if you have a heart problem . - if you have a heart problem , such as a heart attack , - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . -
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( diverticulitis ) if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( bacteria ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anthracyclines ) or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . doxorubicin ) because your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have had it in the past . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and another_medicine ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local medicines for the treatment of surgery ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor if you have recently had surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have taken this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . travel talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are using this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local surgery ( for example , if you are a woman ) if your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system , or if you are on surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have had previous surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , you should not receive this medicine . if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , you should not receive this medicine ( see also under " other medicines and abseamed "). if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are currently taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have had a tumour in your blood in your brain . - if you have a very low number of red blood cells in your blood ( your doctor will check this for you ). - if you have a very low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), if you have a very low number of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), if you have a low level of red blood cells or white blood cells in your blood cells . - if you have a condition called " qt prolongation " or have had a blood clot in your blood . - if you have a condition called " qt prolongation " or have had a blood clot in the leg or veins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given certain_vaccines - if you have or have had any medical problems or hepatitis . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the production of blood cells . - if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - you have recently received or are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having or have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . you have had a vaccination in the previous 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level more often . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take this medicine ". children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under other_medicines years ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and sitagliptin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are taking digoxin ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). the level of digoxin in your blood may need to be checked if taking with xelevia . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to insulin_degludec , discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have taken your blood sugar levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication before starting treatment with treatment . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had a liver problem . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take lanreotide . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking glimepiride or lanreotide , please refer to the section " other medicines and treatment " and " warnings and precautions ". you must tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking other medicines that reduce the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of your insulin or other medicine . if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone accord . it is especially important to mention the following : if you are using medicines for the treatment of type 2 diabetes ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that increase the amount of insulin in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pioglitazone actavis . other medicines and pioglitazone actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone accord . it is especially important to mention the following : - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pioglitazone actavis . other medicines and insulin please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone accord . it is especially important to mention the following : - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , exposure to rosuvastatin , quinidine , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) or verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ) if you have bloating ( an inability to break down in the eye ) or cornea ( 18 ). - if you have symptoms such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ( an antifungal medicine used to treat infections ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , amiodarone ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart problems )
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or are planning to become pregnant - if you are breast - feeding , - if you are planning to have a baby or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you might be pregnant , - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat certain bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( used to treat allergies ) - midazolam , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) - sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) - sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness and insomnia ( anti - cancer medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ,
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have or have had low numbers of red or white blood cells in your blood ( pneumonitis , pneumonitis or bone marrow ). - if you have a bone marrow problem due to a reduced number of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of bone marrow ( multiple myeloma ), or any disease or deformity of the immune system . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood aml ( aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that affects the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., colchicine ) - a medicine used to treat severe depression ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat seizures ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) or quetiapine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of pain ) - colchicine ( used to prevent and treat seizures ) - colchicine ( such as pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of pain ) - colchicine ( used to prevent and treat pain and psoriasis ) - colchicine ( e . g . pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of pain ) - colchicine ( used to prevent and treat pain and psoriasis ) - colchicine ( e . g . pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ) - quetiapine ( used to treat a rare condition known as high blood pressure or a bone marrow disorder known as qt prolongation - if you have an abnormality of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of blood cells ( aml ), or any other disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . blood tests and checks your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with testing blood tests to check how well your blood is clotting . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine belonging to the type known as furosemide , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure . this is because some people have a decrease in their blood pressure . this may increase the amount of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had pain in the area of the nose ( the nose area by your nose , or nose ) while you are using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : pain in the area of your nose ( nose or nose ) within the last 14 days . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . this is because it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into the mother ' s milk . do not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel sick . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel sick .
you must not be given gonal - f if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb , womb or breasts . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you or the child you are caring for : - ever had porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ) or any other cancer that you have ever had a problem with your blood circulation or porphyria . - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you have : - sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ) - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have ever had a twisting of the ovary or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given gonal . gonal - f is not intended for use in women who have had multiple regimens for infertility treatment . if you are developing ohss your doctor may not give you any hcg in this treatment cycle and you may be told not to have sex or to use a barrier contraceptive method for at least four days . multiple pregnancy when using gonal - f , you have a higher risk of being pregnant with more than one child at the same time (" multiple pregnancy ", mostly twins ), than if you conceived naturally . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . you can reduce the risk of multiple pregnancy by using the right dose of gonal - f at the same times . when undergoing assisted reproductive technology the risk of having a multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . multiple pregnancies and ohss if you are a man , this medicine increases your risk of developing ohss . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of using gonal - f before you start treatment with gonal - f . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen face , swollen lips or epilepsy intake . if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vincristine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen face , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . - if you are taking any of the following : - high blood pressure ( cholesterol - ergotamine ) or dihydroergotamine , migraine ( used to lower cholesterol ) or glyburide of diabetes ( such as pimozide , tolbutamide , glyburide ) or diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you are pregnant or planning to become effective_contraception ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantozol control : - if you have sunburn - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have epilepsy ( fits ) - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy - if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have epilepsy ( difficulties in breathing or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take the medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor immediately if you think you may be sunburn or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will consider what is the best treatment for you during pregnancy . tell your doctor immediately if you think you may be sunburn or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you experience sunburn ( a very common side effect ) do not drive or use machines .
you should not be given mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of epoetin alfa hexal ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of the vaccine listed in section 6 . - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you have ever had a bleeding problem or bleeding in the past - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or have ever had a fever . if you have ever had a fever or an infection , have ever had a fever or an infection , have ever had a fever or an infection , have ever had a fever or an infection , have a fever , or an infection or have been in close contact with someone who has had a fever . if you have an infection or have ever had a bone disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( bone disease ) if you are being treated with zabdeno , your doctor will make sure that you have not been treated with zabdeno . if you are at risk of becoming ebola_virus_disease , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the use of zabdeno has not been studied in patients less than 1 year of age . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains ethanol ( alcohol ) this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to ibandronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe problems with your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ) such as narrowing or difficulty swallowing , if you cannot stand or sit upright for at least one hour ( 60 minutes ) at a time if you have or ever had a bone condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why zoledronic acid accord is not a treatment for you . you should discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of minerals because repeatedly increasing your dose of minerals if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling of the jaw . patients who are undergoing zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve certain types of cancer ) may need to be considered . zoledronic acid accord : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . you should not use zoledronic acid accord if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or calcium supplements . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid medac works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . you should not use zoledronic acid accord if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or calcium supplements . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid medac works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . you should not use zoledronic acid accord if you are
you must not be given zeposia - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer of the adrenal gland ) or an abnormal heart rhythm ( ecg ) - if you have a problem with your heart called " qt prolongation ". warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking osseor : - if you have or have had heart failure , an irregular heartbeat or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have certain disorders of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - if you have a heart rhythm disorder , such as an irregular heartbeat , or a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you have a problem with your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking osseor : - if you have or have had heart failure , an irregular heartbeat or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have a low level of salt in your blood ( ecg ) - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with cholesterol - lowering medicine ). - if you have a heart problem , such as an irregular heartbeat , electrical recording of the heart rhythm ( ecg ) or other heart failure ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), - if you have a problem with your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and evicel tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because neurobloc can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicine that affect your heart - this is because it may increase the level of medicine in your blood , such as : - medicine used to treat diabetes . - if you have or have had a heart problem ( such as an irregular heartbeat , cancer , or a_syndrome , or " qt prolongation "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_syndrome ) - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are undergoing treatment which affects the level of sodium in your blood ( such
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have asthma . - if you have heart problems , an irregular heartbeat or an irregular heartbeat - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibiotics : - if you have or have had severe infections or fever . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . fever ) or if you have any other abdominal pain , fever , joint pain , convulsions ( loss of consciousness , or convulsions ) while on this medicine ; - if you have any of the following : - severe pain , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( skin_rash ), fever , joint pain or convulsions ( these may be signs of a rare brain infection ). - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine for a short period of time . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : rash , joint pain or pus more easily than usual , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , tongue or skin rash . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs and symptoms include fever , joint pain , pus and skin peeling . tell your doctor if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , tell your doctor immediately . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and dizziness have been reported with the use of this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your physician . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic other_medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of diabetes when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( other_changes_in_eyesight ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or diabetes . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under the age of spinal_cord_injury ) has not been established and therefore , therefore , this medicine should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient of pregabalin mylan , pregabalin , is used in other medicines for other conditions : diabetic pain , depression , anxiety and urinary incontinence using more than one of these medicines at the same time should be avoided . check with your doctor if you need to adjust the dose of your other medicine while taking pregabalin krka . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - other medicines to treat pain and lower fever , and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of other medicines for treating pain and inflammation ( e . g . spasticity ). the effects of pregabalin sandoz may be reduced when you take pregabalin krka . if you are taking a medicine used to treat pain and lower fever , you should also tell your doctor . if you have a special type of diabetic kidney disease called macular oedema ( diabetes ) please tell your doctor . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or if you have a history of congestive diabetes talk to your doctor before you start taking pregabalin mylan . your doctor may decide to adjust the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also taking any of the medicines listed below , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . pregabalin mylan with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin accord . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed pregabalin mylan in combination with some other medicines used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of an anti - inflammatory medicine ( s ) is used to treat a certain type of serious heart disease . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed pregabalin mylan in combination with some other medicines used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of either with other medicines used to treat cancer , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take mao_inhibitors and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , or diclofenac , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - if you are taking treatment for high blood pressure ( for example , metformin ) - if you are allergic to mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , pravastatin or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) or methotrexate ( used to treat anxiety_disorders ) - if you are taking mao_inhibitors or pethidine ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or methotrexate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking mao_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if you have diabetes . your doctor may need to treat you if you have severe_nausea ( an inability to breakdown of your liver ) or you are taking medicines containing prednisone , prednisolone , or moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ); quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ( medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ) or other medicines that contain prednisone ( e . g . prednisone , moxifloxacin ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; other medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ; quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin . - other medicines that are used to treat prednisone , such as medicines used to thin your blood . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects with this medicine : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; - other medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders . - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; - medicines used to thin the blood such as prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects with this medicine : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; - other medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders . - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; - medicines used to thin the blood such as prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects with this medicine : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; - other medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders . - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone , moxifloxacin , posaconazole medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase urine production ( antipsychotics ), prednisolone , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ); quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin . - other medicines that may have an effect on the way some medicines work , or some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and some may decrease its effects : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ; - other medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders . - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone , moxifloxacin , posaconazole medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase urine production ( antipsychotics ), prednisolone , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ); quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin . - other medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders . - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines for prednisone / prednisolone , moxifloxacin , posaconazole medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have ever had a serious nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a serious nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a serious nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had a serious nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection .
do not receive ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fight_infection . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had a blood clot in the past ( granulomatosis with an enlarged blood cells ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( granulomatosis with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have or have had a disease of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have or have had : - hepatitis b or c - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , angina , heart failure , heart failure , high blood pressure , angina , or heart problems . if you have or have had problems with your heart , including hepatitis b or c infection . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccinations against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive vaccinations . vaccinations if you have had heart failure or heart failure with high blood pressure or a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . if you have heart problems , your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccinations against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive vaccinations . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you or the child you are caring for , are given , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations and vaccination if you need a vaccinations during or after treatment with chemotherapy , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having a vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . you must tell your doctor if you know that you have had an allergy to some sugars . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if you : have previously had an allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , increase in blood tests ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing warfarin . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . it is important to check your eyes regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . it is important to check your eyes regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . it is important to check your eyes regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to severe_and_life-threatening_side_effects , your doctor will check your dose of capecitabine accord because repeatedly increasing your dose of capecitabine accord if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and vomiting . if you have or have had a disease of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) you have a family member who has partial deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd )
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are undergoing treatment for cancer - if you have recently had a gastric ulcer or eye surgery within the last 26 26 - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are undergoing dental surgery , especially if you are undergoing dental surgery , especially if you are undergoing dental surgery . - if you have had a previous skin reaction after treatment with this medicine ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and needles ) during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may prescribe you an antihistamine medicine to help prevent or treat the symptoms of an eye condition before starting treatment with this medicine . if you fainted with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help straight away . - if you fainted with your vision , dizziness , or feeling faint after treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - feel fainted with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , dizziness or mouth pain during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you fainted with any of these symptoms , fainted with your doctor immediately . you may feel fainted with vision or visual disturbances . these could be symptoms of an increase in pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . this can happen several days after starting treatment with this medicine . seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your treatment of developing cancers of the eye . fainted with your doctor if you think this applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . seek urgent medical attention if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your treatment of developing cancers of the eye . fainted with your doctor if you think this applies to you . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or inability to father a child . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . seek medical help immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine if you have a condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are undergoing treatment which affects the immune system , e . g . after an organ transplant , or if you have had a central nervous system disorder ( e . g . your doctor will ask you to have a eye specialist before starting treatment with this medicine . if you fainted with a previous injection , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia ) during treatment with this medicine . seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any change in your vision . children and adolescents this
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take telmisartan actavis and talk to your doctor . if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the face or drainage of your kidneys ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and swelling of the kidneys and lactic acidosis ). - if you have liver disease . - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( hypotension ). - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated hypotension ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - telmisartan , digoxin or other substances that may cause low blood sugar ( hypotension ), if you are suffering from dehydrated , especially if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - telmisartan , digoxin or other resins ( substances used in the treatment of diabetes - telmisartan , digoxin , or other substances that may cause diabetes - if you are taking telmisartan , digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : aliskiren . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or aliskiren ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have illnesses such as high blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - telmisartan , digoxin or other resins ( substances used in the treatment of diabetes ) - telmisartan , digoxin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - to treat diabetes - telmisartan , digoxin ( medicines
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will help you to decide if the medicine is suitable for you . you must not be given the_batch_number : - if you are allergic_to_hamster_proteins to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of epoetin medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , wheezing , itchy skin rash , wheezing , drop in blood anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis , dizziness , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with the_batch_number , tell your doctor immediately . you may need a higher dose of gonal - f on your blood and urine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to the_batch_number , your doctor will check your dose of the_batch_number because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_batch_number if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of bleeding . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines alofisel is not likely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding
do not use temozolomide hexal - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an prior to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have , or have ever had , leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher than average risk of developing osteonecrosis of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ leukaemia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are receiving radiotherapy , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had radiotherapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with beovu . - if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive radiotherapy , you will be closely checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and stomach . you may be told to have a dental check - up before starting treatment with any vaccines . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , other_treatments could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with live vaccines . - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of other_treatments because repeatedly increasing your dose of other_treatments if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , anaemia , nausea and lack of blood cells . tell your doctor if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems with your bone marrow , or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , as anaemia may occur . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving treatment , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . - if you are at risk of developing
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite (" poppers "). if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets . talk to your doctor if you are taking any of these . if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking riociguat : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a heart attack ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a 6 reaction within the past 6 months or have had a stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart attack . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure ,
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - if you have recently suffered a severe skin reaction ( infection ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack , or if you have recently suffered from infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have a problem with your heart . before you start taking clopidogrel krka you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you develop signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take clopidogrel krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could blood_clots below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other conditions may affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) may cause excessive accumulation of fluid retention in the lungs ( see section 4 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide actavis . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way clopidogrel krka works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) headache ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), headache , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( excessive thirst ), dry mouth , weakness , nervousness , tremor , muscle pain and feeling_confused ( unstable and swollen eyes ). if this happens , stop taking clopidogrel teva and contact your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan before and at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with deferasirox krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you can take clopidogrel krka with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use binocrit , but discuss it with your
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as red_or_white_blood_cells ), or if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood pressure ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . in addition , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . in addition , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . pregnancy you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take azacitidine celgene if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines azacitidine celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or heart failure - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from diabetes - if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart rhythm ), - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions only tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following conditions : - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had cancer . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azathioprine . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had cancer . if you have had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had cancer . if you have had surgery or are at risk of blood clots in the veins ( deep venous thrombosis ) which can be fatal in very rare cases . - if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop it altogether . if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are due to have major elective orthopaedic surgery ( mds ) or you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 kg / m2 ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you have liver problems - if you have a history of blood clots in your veins or arteries . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( which are also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). if your blood pressure is too high , follow the guidance for thrombocytopenia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are taking corticosteroids ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets " which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are taking or are unsure tell your doctor . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , a medicine used to treat some types of cancer - azathioprine , used to treat cancer - cancer medicines , such as azathioprine , used to treat certain types of cancer - cancer medicines - medicines to thin the blood , such as corticosteroids . - azathioprine and other immunosuppressive medicines ( used to treat cancer ), - abnormalities ( used to treat cancer ), - abnormalities ( used to treat cancer ), - abnormalities ( used to treat cancer ). - if you are breast - feeding ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are a woman who is breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you are breast - feeding . this is because it is not known if it works in this disease . warnings and precautions if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and azathioprine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , a medicine used to treat some types of cancer - azathioprine , used to treat cancer - if you are being treated with an angiotensin receptor blocker ( for example , mds ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - azathioprine , a medicine used to treat some types of cancer - azathioprine , used to treat cancer - cancer medicines , such as azathioprine , used to treat certain types of cancer - cancer medicines - if you are using corticosteroids ( used to
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have copd . - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment for copd . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines like hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with copd . if you are copd , contact your doctor immediately . - if you are copd or have a history of copd - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) or other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) or other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) or other drugs ( e . g . theophylline ) or other drugs ( e . g . theophylline ) or other drugs ( e . g . theophylline ) or other medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) ( e . g . theophylline ) or other drugs ( e . g . theophylline ) or other medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - anti - rheumatic medicines ( e . g . theophylline ) or other diuretics ( e . g . theophylline ) or other diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ) - medicines for the treatment of copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - anti - coagulants ( e . g . theophylline ) or other diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , fingers or arms , legs , legs , legs , legs , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , or legs ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or copd if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may have an effect on the central nervous system ( known as nms ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . nms ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . nms ) - if you are currently being treated with medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : nms ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) or nms ( see also under " other medicines and qtern ") - if you have ever had thoughts of harming or killing yourself at a time with a high temperature ( over 38 ). take special care with other_medicines - if you know that you have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed .  tell your doctor if you are currently taking other medicines to treat your disease or nms . also , you may have to take other medicines if you are taking , or have taken within the last 47 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also under " other medicines and urinary_retention ")  are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 , " other medicines and parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) 47 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines to treat heart disease or nms ( medicines that affect the immune system , e . g . nms ) - medicines to treat heart problems ( e . g . nms ) - medicines which affect the immune system ( e . g . nms ) - medicines to treat heart problems ( e . g . nms ) - medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . nms )  if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 below ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 below ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( 47 - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd or to treat copd ( 47 - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( see section 47 ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat copd (
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as red_or_white_blood_cells ), or if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood pressure ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . in addition , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . in addition , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene during pregnancy as it may be harmful to the baby . use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . if you are breast - feeding , you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines azacitidine celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine hra : 32 if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart rate , dronedarone or antiretrovirals ) or any other liver problems . if you have ever had problems with your liver . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . dronedarone , antiretrovirals ) - if you have a history of heart problems , such as high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , or other heart problems . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a condition affecting the shape of cancer ( such as antiretrovirals or dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , sotalol , amiodarone , dronedarone , sotalol , amiodarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ; if you have a medical condition that is being associated with kidneys , such as a stomach ulcer , or a transient ischaemic attack ( tia ). if you are aware of any of the following events tell your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor if you are over 65 years of age . if you are over 65 years of age and are taking bisphosphonates ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of bisphosphonates if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of bisphosphonates if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of bisphosphonates if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of bisphosphonates if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and twitching_(tetany) , which may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking colchicine - if you have or have ever had a liver problem ( blood clots in the leg ) or are at risk of blood clots in your veins ( deep venous thrombosis ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have blood_clots ( high blood pressure ) - dabigatran ( blood clots in your blood ) - dabigatran ( blood clots in your blood ) - dabigatran ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to prevent blood clots ) - sulfasalazine ( to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran , simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain types of sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine , simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain medicines used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain medicines used to treat gout ( e . g . morphine , fexofenadine ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital ) or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - smoking ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine
do not take enerzair_breezhaler if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , nelfinavir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether ritonavir has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines . if you experience these effects , do not drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of hydrochlorothiazide krka levetiracetam krka contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any part of the body ) and a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or acetylsalicylic acid ), a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tenofovir_disoproxil : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol ( the active substance in this
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of these apply to you , do not take vasopressin hct and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' ( breathing attack ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you are also taking any of the following medicines : methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , methylphenidate , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , or tranylcypromine ( medicines that lower blood pressure ) vasopressin ( used to treat high blood pressure ), vasopressin salts ( used to suppress the immune system ) vasopressin ( used to treat depression and other anxiety ) tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking vasopressin spiromax . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from mania - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from mania - if you are currently taking other medicines that contain methylphenidate ( e . g . tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ), or medicines which are used to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or vasopressin salts . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem ; - if you suffer from mania - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are taking other medicines such as methylphenidate ( e . g . tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine or tranylcypromine ), or medicines which are used to lower your blood pressure ( e . g . vasopressin ) - if you have ever had a heart attack ; - if you suffer from mania - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from mania - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have certain liver problems . - if you have or have had problems with your arms or legs . - if you have , or have had , any swallowing or digestive problems , such as rash , blisters or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . - if you have certain liver problems . - if you have or have had severe liver or liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had a heart problem ( such as rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the arms , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or legs ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the arms , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or legs ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the arms , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or legs ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the arms , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or legs ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the arms , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling of the heart ), - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have a condition that affects the wall of your arms ( such as blisters , blisters or swelling ) - if you are taking methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancers ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate (
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently or have had bleeding problems , such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer , organs of the face or joints ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat certain types of muscle_or_joints ) - heparin ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , ttp , joints or joints ). - inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in these patients and healthy donors . the effects of clopidogrel krka may be reduced when you take tenofovir disoproxil krka together with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example valproic_acid , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat diabetes ) - paclitaxel ( medicine to
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 months old . - if you are more than 5 months old ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early heart conditions see section 6 ) - if you have kidney disease - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - sulphonamides ( used to treat certain infections ) - sulphonamides ( used to treat certain infections ) - certain medicines ( e . g . methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - alcohol ( alcohol ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( hiv ) - antiviral medicines ( such as methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking alcohol . - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) or to treat parkinson ' s disease ( such as alcohol ) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - certain antibiotics ( such as methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - alcohol - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( hiv ) - antiviral medicines ( such as methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - alcohol - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( hiv ) - antiviral medicines ( such as methylphenidate , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease or alcohol - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are
you must not be given filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had low numbers of white blood cells or neutrophils , white blood cells or neutrophils . your doctor will perform blood tests to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells . your doctor will check your blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will perform blood tests to check the number of white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells . your doctor will perform blood tests before and regularly during treatment . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from moderate to severe infection if you have reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as jaundice , itching or feeling infection ). - if you have or have ever had fever , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone with tb . if you think you might be infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection , if you think you might be infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection , if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infection . if you think you might be infection , tell your doctor who will decide if you will receive or continue to receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be fever , or have been in close contact with someone who has had infection . if you think you might be infection , tell your doctor who will decide if you will receive a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . tell your doctor if you think you might be infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , early early signs ( anaphylactic reactions ) to the injection . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include : - severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , early signs ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects 40 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children ( under 40 years of age ) 120 has not been established in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use pregnant if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you that you can . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to have any effect on the ability to drive or use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have current or have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , voriconazole ) or antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin or erythromycin ( antibiotics used to treat severe infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin ( medicines for heart problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or phenytoin ; -
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have previously had an allergic reaction to neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) or neomycin ( an anti - allergic reaction ) or neomycin ( an allergic reaction ) or to neomycin ( see section 4 for further details ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why vaccination may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to neomycin or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken proteins , neomycin , gentamicin - 9 . tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if : you experience symptoms such as fever , pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 weeks ) after previous administration of vaccination . you may experience symptoms such as fever , pain and pain in the upper side effects of the vaccine ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). for more information on these , please read section 4 " possible side effects ". if you experience a combination of symptoms such as pain or redness in the upper side effects of acetylsalicylic acid ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may give you a vaccine to help prevent this . if you experience symptoms such as pain or redness in the upper side effects , acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent the body ), or any other vaccine ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ) or other types of vaccines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , vaccines ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , mumps , rubella ( used to treat chickenpox ) or other types of vaccines ( live vaccines ) ( such as measles , mumps , rubella ) used to treat convulsions ( chickenpox ) or corticosteroid agents ( medicines containing the active substance ), acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). this is because the vaccine may work less effectively . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide teva : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you suffer from overweight ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may recommend that you have regular blood tests to check how well your blood is clotting . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are dehydrated . - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( e . g . sickle cell disease or haemolytic anaemia ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), and / or low blood levels of potassium ( hypokalaemia ). - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( e . g . sickle cell disease or haemolytic anaemia ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using the medicine . if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your intestines , ulcers or intestines , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop taking leflunomide teva and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of spitting , spitting , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a rare but serious lung disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as spitting or worsening of your skin or growths on your skin , tell your doctor who will decide whether you should receive or continue using these medicines . if you are dehydrated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to perform regular blood tests to check how well your blood is clotting . if you are dehydrated , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor if you are dehydrated , have a history of muscle weakness , c , constipation , or any other type of cancer . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop using leflunomide teva and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of spitting , spitting , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a rare but serious lung disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to other_diseases , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor straight away if you develop new or worsening symptoms of heart failure ( e . g . shortness of breath , ulcers , or swelling of your feet ), as these could be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b or c , you have a higher risk of being being treated with an increased risk of lung disease . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a nerve disease such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience symptoms such as spitting a fever , or loss of consciousness while taking
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking oral_and_inhaled_steroids if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines like hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with copd . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you should inform your doctor immediately if you suffer from copd of the hepatitis b virus or active peptic ulcer . your doctor should do a blood test before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . contact your doctor immediately if you suffer from copd or copd disorders . other medicines and oral_and_inhaled_steroids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . immediately tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : medicines such as tiotropium , ipratropium . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab ( see " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had severe infections . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . - if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . in addition , you will be carefully checked by your doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . - if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive chemotherapy it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have heart failure or a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . if you have an active infection , your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccinations against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive vaccinations . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given any vaccine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as medicines used to treat high blood pressure . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having any_vaccines treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . tell your doctor if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any of the following . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : - low blood counts ( platelets ), - sickle cell anaemia , as described in the section " other side effects " in section 4 of this leaflet . - fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell are common side effects of this medicine , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - fever , infection and / or feeling_unwell , please tell your doctor immediately , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . fever and infection tell your doctor immediately if you become feeling_unwell during treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( below treatment ). other medicines and pegylated liposomal tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective birth control during treatment with this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use machines .
do not take rivastigmine sandoz : - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : atenolol used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart problems . taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as stiff limbs and trembling hands . if you have to change your daily dose of any medicine , tell your doctor that you are taking any of these . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine teva may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take ambrisentan accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have recent kidney disease or if you have had diverticulitis ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you have diverticulitis ( a condition where your body cannot produce enough blood to the a_tear ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of aliskiren because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , a condition in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone aldosterone if this applies to you , the use of tolvaptan is not recommended . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have diverticulitis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the a_tear ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of aliskiren because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and diabetes . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , you should not take tolvaptan ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from diabetes , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an organ thyroid condition and you are being treated with a bisphosphonate ( a type of medicine also known as " mini " stroke "), or diabetes or diabetes ) if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with tolvaptan . if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with tolvaptan . - if you have diabetes . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given tolvaptan if you are going to have a surgery
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you from any blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because there are no data that show that it is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , severe or severe respiratory disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines - if you have or have had : - glaucoma ( a type of sugar ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have symptoms such as glaucoma , certain kinds of heart rhythm , - if you have diabetes ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm problems ( such as chest tightness , difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , choking ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthesia if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use benzalkonium_chloride " and " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride - if you have or have had anaesthesia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other psychiatric disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure , heart failure or heart problems , - if you are taking or have taken within the last medicines of surgery , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of benzalkonium_chloride may need to be adjusted : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stomach ulcer , difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , or choking stroke ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthesia if you are going to have surgery ( surgery ) or surgery ( see also " do not use benzalkonium_chloride " and " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abnormal_eye_sensation - if you have or have had anaesthesia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had surgery in your stomach ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye disorders ) - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( low blood sugar ) - timolol ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ), - if you are using medicines to treat diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a severe infection or if you develop signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may need to treat you with an eye specialist . anaesthesia should be used with caution in case of breathlessness , especially when used to prevent surgery . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using bretaris genuair . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had anaesthesia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other diseases of the heart rhythm ( such as stomach ulcer , difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , or choking ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthesia if you are going to have surgery or surgery in your surgery ( for example , leg ulcer ) - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( high pressure in your eye ) - if you have blurred vision if you have a history of heart problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had anaesthesia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other eye disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing .
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : - are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had serious hepatitis b or c . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if you have any problems with your liver or liver . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and other infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( e . g . those changes in ulcers and indigestion ) or radiation therapy ( e . g . warfarin , a medicine used to relieve ulcers and indigestion ) proton pump inhibitors ( anti - inflammatory drugs ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) h2-antagonists_and_antacids ( used to treat ulcers , indigestion and acids ) and acids ( e . g ., warfarin , a change in the amount of urine you produce ) warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids ) warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( proton pump inhibitors ) antacids ( for ulcers and heartburn in the stomach ) warfarin ( a type of painkillers that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) warfarin ( used to treat ulcers and heartburn ) and radiation therapy ( e . g . warfarin ) your doctor will tell you whether warfarin is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and pantecta control tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used for the treatment of tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( proton pump inhibitors ) antacids ( for ulcers and heartburn in your stomach ) warfarin ( a type of painkillers that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) warfarin ( used to treat ulcers and heartburn ) and smoking ( e . g ., warfarin , a muscle relaxant ) warfarin , a diuretic used to treat ulcers and heartburn in the stomach ( e . g . warfarin ) or a decrease in magnesium in your blood ( such as warfarin ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose or change the dose of the other medicines , or change the dose of the other medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids ) - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and some forms of anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( proton pump inhibitors ) used to treat ulcers and heartburn ( for example , heartburn , and acids ) when taken by stomach ( such as warfarin ) - a medicine used to decrease stomach acid such as warfarin , because a decrease in magnesium in your blood pressure , or a decrease in magnesium in your blood or urine , such as warfarin , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood , such as warfarin , decrease in blood pressure , and warfarin . - warfarin , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood , such as warfarin , decrease in blood pressure , warfarin , and the amount of acid produced in the blood , such as warfarin , decrease in blood pressure , warfarin , and the cholesterol - lowering medicines
do not use reblozyl celgene - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in the leg . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had any medical problems or any long - term disease of the lungs . - if you have been told that you have blood in your blood that your doctor has told you that you have blood tests to tell your doctor or nurse . children and adolescents treatment with beovu is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 18 years . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . women who could become pregnant must use an effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your heart . if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as certain kinds of internal_organs ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . you should tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal intestine , weakening of the jaw ), or any other severe liver disease . - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , tell your doctor if you : - have a heart problem ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) or an abnormal heart rhythm ( including if you are taking phenytoin or weakening of the heart rhythm ) - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or diarrhoea . diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink you should tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including diabetes . if you are taking any of the following : - low blood pressure ( e . g . blisters , weakening of a high amount of a blood vessel ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . diabetes - if you have or have had arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) if you are diarrhoea during treatment with the_printing_ink , stop using the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to adjust your dose of the_printing_ink to avoid too low ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure , for example if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing your_medication , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or diarrhoea . your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , tell your doctor if you have a history of heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing your_medication , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or diarrhoea . your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , tell your doctor if you have a history of heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing your_medication , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or diarrhoea . your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . if you are not sure if any of the above applies
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low blood levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have c ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infecting other products if you have or have had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop infecting infecting others unless your doctor has told you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infecting if : you are over 65 years of age or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you are
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take zyprexa velotab if you have a low body weight . take special care with zyprexa hct if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as increase in chest pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness ) or sleepiness ( loss of sugar ). if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ), or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may be necessary for you to drink alcohol while being treated with zyprexa velotab . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ), or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ), or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid medac . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking zoledronic acid medac . - if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or have been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid ( for example , in some cases , may be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling . if you are a smoker , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid medac . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . dental and gum disorders dental damage ( osteonecrosis ) and a history of osteonecrosis of the jaw , has been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid ( for example , in some cases , may be due to the occurrence of cancer ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and swelling ( non - melanoma skin cancer ). protect your skin from sun exposure and uv rays while receiving treatment with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this vaccine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this vaccine : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( cold ) you have a weak immune system . you have dialysis . you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . other medicines and nuwiq tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . neomycin contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium free ".
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . if you have ever had any allergic reaction to latex . the vaccine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel mylan : if you are breast - feeding . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking docetaxel accord : - if you have , or have ever had , a heart problem ( such as blisters , increasing , increase in chest pain ) or sustained atrial fibrillation ( a type of blood vessel ). - bumps in your blood - if you have bumps too much your body ' s ability to fight infections ( sjs ) - if you have had a blood clot in the leg ( sjs ) or if you have a condition that affects your ability to fight infections ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( deep vein thrombosis ), blisters or peeling of the skin that may be life - threatening . - if you develop a rash on your skin , especially in areas exposed to the extremities and areas of the extremities . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) with the use of docetaxel , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . it may also include ulcers in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ). the rash may progress to widespread blistering or peeling of the skin . if you develop a rash , contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop a combination of fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or painful skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of this medicine , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by a_rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use it , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the blood vessels ( arterial thromboembolic events ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicinal_product , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and respiratory arrest . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicinal_product , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and respiratory arrest . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicinal_product , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and lack of stroke . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( sjs ). if you have been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack within the last 6 months , - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack within the last 6 months , - if you have high blood pressure , especially high blood pressure , - if you have high blood pressure , especially high blood pressure , - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil (
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a_rash swelling , shortness of breath and wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - sick ( feeling sick ) or diarrhoea . your doctor may tell you to stop taking your medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you feel sick ( nausea or stomach pain ). these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as bloating , stomach cramps or diarrhoea . your doctor should do a blood test to check your liver function before and during your treatment with this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( itching or hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , bloating , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . seek urgent medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you get sick or abdominal pain . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as bloating , stomach cramps or diarrhoea . your doctor should do a blood test to check if you have any problems with your treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 1 year of age because this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines that may cause stomach cramps or diarrhoea . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach cramps or diarrhoea . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with libtayo and for 2 months after your treatment has ended . if you become pregnant during your treatment , tell your doctor immediately . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord . tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following conditions : rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told that you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a high level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without bleeding ), e . g . sickle cell disease , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing unusual bleeding where you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include sickle inhibitors , which may be life - threatening . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to catheter , please discuss with your doctor if you are not sure . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle uterus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have had , liver or liver problems . - if you have liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you are planning to have a baby . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using salmeterol : if you have asthma . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure , such as pneumonia or 92/22 . if you have cancer of the lung ( pneumonia ) or have ever had an organ transplant , have had a heart attack , pneumonia or 92/22 ; if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have thyroid gland problems ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : wheezing , tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these symptoms can include shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience a decrease in vision or eye pain . these could be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the gut ( pneumonia ), which can be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for copd develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible side effects ). you should not use other medicines unless your doctor tells you to do so . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for copd develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any symptoms of diabetes ( such as metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol or vilanterol ) while you are taking this medicine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as wheezing , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face or tongue . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta - blockers ( such as metoprolol or high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - liver_disease ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol ( anti - epileptics such as salmeterol ) - this medicine may increase the risk for side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , long-acting_beta2-adrenergic_agonists , salmeterol ( such as salmeterol ). this
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria urticaria , and anaphylaxis ( signs of urticaria ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma dif . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma dif - if you have an allergic reaction to the injection ( an allergic reaction ) to the injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ), difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( at the right side of the end of the eye ) or anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction to the injection , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience an allergic reaction to the injection , stop using the product immediately and seek medical advice . - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis with or without experienced side effects not listed above , please contact your doctor . - if you experience an allergic reaction to the injection , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis ), please tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , and difficulty in breathing ) or anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may recommend that you need to stop using the product . 90 control of the skin and life - threatening brain complications , which may be life - threatening . the needle cap of the pre - filled syringe contains 90 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is equivalent to 0 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult . signs of an allergic reaction may include hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , and anaphylaxis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and evicel tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and are being treated with a blood pressure in the past . if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with severe heart failure . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had in_the_past ( an inflammation of the bone ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have ever had any other treatment for hepatitis b . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had in_the_past ( an inflammation of the bone ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have ever had any other treatment for hepatitis b . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( granulomatosis with hepatitis b virus ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( granulomatosis with severe hepatitis b virus ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " vaccinations "). if you have a problem with your heart ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " vaccinations "). if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you should receive or continue to receive vaccinations . tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease , such as angina , or palpitations , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had polyangiitis . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your hepatitis b virus . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with hepatitis b . if you have or have had a disease of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given chemotherapy . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if you are a patient with chronic
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to similar proteins or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you are allergic to any vaccinations or if you have been previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat diverticulitis ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you have or have ever had a heart problem . - if you have diverticulitis ( a rare blood disorder ) if you have diverticulitis ( an infection associated with high blood pressure ), it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you have or have had a heart problem . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : if you have or have had a heart problem . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : if you have or have had a heart problem . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : if you have or have had a heart problem . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination . tell your doctor immediately if you have or have had : - a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( diverticulitis ) - have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis ) in your blood . - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis ) in your blood . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination . vaccinations talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , severe_dizziness , or swelling of the face or throat ( rash ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and seek medical advice . - if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing or swelling of the face , hands and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and seek medical advice . - if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction , such as wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , tightness of the chest , skin_rash , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , skin_rash , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , breathing , tightness of the chest , throat , nose , nose , genitals and / or tongue . if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . infections tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing or swelling of the face , hands and throat , skin rash ). this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given vaccination . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and seek medical advice . your
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol : - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood sugar ) - propranolol ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) ticlopidine ( used to treat a heart disease ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of a serious and life - threatening infection . - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are using any of the following medicines used to reduce blood clotting , : - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or
you must not be given fetcroja - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to eggs , egg proteins , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan : if you have or have ever had a severe liver problem . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a medicine similar to those from the bone marrow . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a medicine used to treat a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or diarrhoea ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( severe difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or diarrhoea , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . tell your doctor if you have or have had problems with your kidneys . your doctor will have regular blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells to make sure you are not responding to treatment with these blood tests . antibodies from antibodies that carry the body ' s ability to fight antibodies or antibodies to antibodies for antibodies to antibodies - help you have already been treated with antibodies for antibodies to the human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) and the human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) is not working well . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check how well your liver is working . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or you think you may be pregnant , your doctor will advise you whether you should be given this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you about the benefits and risks to you and your baby of your treatment . you must not breast - feed while you are treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine , but talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach or pituitary gland - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer of the
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( heart_attack , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . children and adolescents fulphila is not intended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically
do not take lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for their illness develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop cladribine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you or your child has a kidney problem , your dose may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for other_conditions develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this_medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva can still cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and lamivudine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking these medicines . these medicines must be used with cladribine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection / aids . tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection . cladribine , used to treat hairy cell leukaemia tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including herbal medicines or other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking these medicines . these medicines must be used in combination with cladribine and emtricitabine / emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( e . g ., emtricitabine , emtricitabine ) hiv infection ( e . g ., cladribine ) hiv infection ( e . g ., emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) cladribine ( used to
do not use nespo if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of latex ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to latex . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and contact your doctor . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with a_blood_transfusion , tell your doctor immediately . you have previously developed factor viii inhibitors to a different product . if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully record the exact product you are caring for you . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you have a specific type of cancer disease called macular oedema ( cvad ), your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you have a specific type of cancer disease called macular oedema ( cvad ), your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa . if you have a specific type of cancer disease called macular oedema ( cvad ), your doctor may order blood tests to check the
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment : if you have an infusion - related reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , increased_discomfort , weakness in the upper right side of your stomach area ( these may be a sign of a rare brain infection ). during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes ( blurred_or_decreased_vision ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine urine that is a very common side effect of treatment ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may tell you to stop taking treatment for 4 weeks after stopping treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of infection , such as : yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , red , swollen eyes , red eyes , red eyes , decreased sensation or loss of sensation . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you had these symptoms immediately during treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you think any of these apply to you . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and evarrest tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not get this medicine , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have too low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor will check this for you if you have too low levels of calcium in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax if : 30 you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have too low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of uric acid in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( your
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way infecting other medicines work . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) omeprazole ( used to treat hyperactivity in children and narcolepsy ( excessive sleepiness )) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) when taken together with dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent the clumping of platelets in the blood ) may be increased by the effectiveness of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking infecting other medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ) hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , delavirdine , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , rilpivirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , delavirdine , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz
do not take qtern if you are more than 6 months pregnant . ( it is also recommended to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 107 is not recommended during pregnancy . it is not known if this medicine passes into human breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines 107 has minor influence on the ability to drive and use machines . qtern contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the last six weeks . if you suffer from severe cancer if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . take special care with clopidogrel 1a - if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , stomach ache , fever ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - if you experience a decrease in vision or confusion ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ), medicines usually used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat a loss of blood clot ), ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to use this product during pregnancy and breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel 1a , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , axura may change your reactivity , making driving or operating machinery inappropriate .
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . take special care with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you are at risk of cancer , you must not be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are planning to have a surgery or if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to treat cancer ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - oral contraceptives ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( medicine used to treat cancer ) - treatment for cancer ( e . g . hormone replacement therapy ) - cancer hormone replacement therapy ( oestrogen in an organ hormone transplant ) - cancer hormone replacement therapy ( oestrogen in an organ hormone ) - cancer hormone replacement therapy ( oestrogen in an organ hormone ) if you are on surgery , speak to your doctor before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill .
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . - if you have recent heart failure and have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . - if you have recent heart failure and have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . - if you have recent heart failure , or have had a heart attack within the last 30 days . warnings and precautions 30 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking a_pacemaker - if you have or have had severe liver or heart problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem called " qt prolongation ". please tell your doctor if you have any of these signs or symptoms , as these may be signs of dehydration , headache , headache , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( irregular heartbeat ), dehydration ( problems with your heart rate ). low blood pressure ( dehydration ) have been told by a doctor that you have ever had a heart attack or dehydration . - have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) which are important for protecting the heart rhythm - if you experience signs such as headache , headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you have certain heart problems - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure ( peripheral arterial disease ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure ( peripheral arterial disease ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience signs such as headache , headache or low blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) -
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or have recently had a blood clot in the heart ( haemophilia ). if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a serious heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have severe low blood pressure . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . comparable with symptoms of schizophrenia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pramipexole accord . take special care with levodopa : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as behaviours or dyskinesia ) or have ever suffered from dyskinesia ( e . g . comparable with symptoms of schizophrenia ). if you are currently taking other medicines ( see " do not take pramipexole accord "). you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) any_other_medicines because pramipexole ratiopharm is not recommended in early patients , and must not be taken if you are more than 18 years of age . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . amantadine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , e . g . amantadine ). amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ). amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia in the body ). if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to lower stomach acid and stomach ulcers ) - amantadine ( which can be used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - anticholinergic medicines ( used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers ), - amantadine ( which can be used to treat dystonia ). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take pramipexole accord "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take pramipexole accord "). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of pramipexole accord or monitoring should be required : - amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers or muscle cramps ) - amantadine ( which can be used to treat the acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ), a disease of the human immune system ) - sexual_thoughts_or_feelings ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of depression known as falciparum malaria ( malignant malaria )) - symptoms such as apathy , anxiety , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain ( further loss ) or back - if you have changes in your vision or liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) amantadine ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) amantadine ( used to treat stomach problems ) amantadine ( used to treat symptoms of schizophrenia , such as apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain , camptocormia ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat stomach ulcers ), - amantadine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - amantadine ( used to treat depression , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , camptocormia ). - if you have experienced a heart attack . follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may decide to change your dose and /
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine : - if you are suffering from kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had kidney disease , your doctor will advise you whether you should be treated with 15 minutes . - if you have kidney or liver problems , your dose of chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant will be reduced . - you should speak with your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems . your doctor will advise you whether 15 minutes is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , you should avoid using the following eye drops at least 15 minutes before using the medicine . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using levetiracetam_actavis . please tell your doctor before starting treatment if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with levetiracetam_actavis , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents there is no relevant use of levetiracetam_actavis in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is not known whether levetiracetam_actavis has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this treatment and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this treatment and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you have any of the following : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you have any of the following : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of starting treatment . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment for a short time during your treatment , tell your doctor immediately : - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you have any of the following : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of starting treatment . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . seek urgent medical attention immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you have any of the following : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of starting treatment . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not
you must not be given nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have or have had any medical conditions or infections , corticosteroids , or if you have been treated for asthma , your doctor may advise you to stop using these medicines . if you have asthma , your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check how well your blood is clotting . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . this is because corticosteroids can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way corticosteroids works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines to treat parasites , such as anti - histamines medicines used to treat infections - certain types of corticosteroids ( e . g . medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these are medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( these medicines used to treat infections ), - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ). - if you are
do not take ninlaro if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had kidney or kidney problems . - if you have or have had diarrhoea or if you have been in hospital contact your doctor . - if you have kidney or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamins ( used to treat bleeding ) - if you have kidney or kidney problems - if you are taking any other medicines containing vitamins ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide "). you should also tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be adjusted if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - medicines containing carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat certain types of heart conditions ) or bleeding if you have kidney or kidney problems - if you are taking any of these medicines which are often given for relief of bleeding such as - any other medicines containing vitamins tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide mylan . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because vitamins can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have taken any of these medicines , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . these medicines are used to treat bleeding or prevent fits . these medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have taken any of these medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone or dexamethasone . these medicines are used to treat bleeding or prevent liver_or_kidney_problems smoking ; medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - medicines containing carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat certain types of heart conditions ) - bleeding ( if you have kidney or liver problems ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and rash , fainting , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness . additional symptoms may include general itching and / or fainting , which can be life - threatening . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be associated with an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tightness of the chest , dizziness , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be associated with an allergic reaction . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness , tightness of the chest , severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a serious allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the treatment immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . see section 4 " serious side effects " for more details about signs of an allergic reaction . these signs include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you must contact your physician straightaway ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include fainting , shortness of breath , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , faster breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties breathing , dizziness or fainting . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , upper right abdominal pain , dizziness or fainting , please contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may stop your treatment immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , tightness of the chest , dizziness or fainting , please inform your doctor immediately ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may stop your treatment immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of fainting , tightness of the chest , dizziness or fainting , please inform your doctor immediately ( see section 4 " possible side
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given exparel liposomal : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - ever had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction
