do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had fainting . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have or have had fainting . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood pressure before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tadalafil mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin to lower blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin ) and erythromycin ( used to treat infections ). these medicines may increase the side effects of tadalafil and your doctor may need to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin to lower blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the side effects of tadalafil and your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines are used to treat high blood pressure in the heart ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ), antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin , erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the side effects of tadalafil and the following side effects may be increased when your dose of tadalafil mylan may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin to lower blood pressure . the following medicines may decrease the effectiveness of tadalafil mylan : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin , erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the side effects of tadalafil and the following may increase the side effects of tadalafil mylan by your doctor . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines are used to treat high blood pressure in the heart ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ), antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin , erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the side effects of tadalafil and the following side effects may be adjusted by your doctor : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta - if you are being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you have previously had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : - are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis ) or have a weakened immune system . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had a vaccination or if you have previously had hepatitis b . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of arsenic trioxide accord ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using calcium_supplements if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because antibiotics can affect the way some other medicines work . also , antibiotics can affect the way some other medicines work . also , antibiotics can affect the way some other medicines work . also , antibiotics can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : antibiotics such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , medicines to treat allergic_reactions and treat allergic_reactions : beta - blockers , such as acetylsalicylic acid , medicines used to treat stomach problems . beta - blockers or other diuretics - medicines used to treat feeling sick ( 50 sick ) 50 - fluoroquinolones ( e . g . medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - other medicines which are used to treat or treat some types of antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - diuretics ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - diuretics ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - diuretics ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - diuretics ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - beta - blockers ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - diuretics ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - beta - blockers ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), - medicines for allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions ( beta - blockers ) - medicines for allergic_reactions / aids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or acetylsalicylic acid ) - medicines for stomach problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , aspirin ). - medicines for the treatment of aids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , penicillamine , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines to treat allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps ) - penicillamine ( used to treat some types of antibiotics ). - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . some medicines may increase the effects of these medicines and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : antibiotics such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , medicines for allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions , acetylsalicylic acid , medicines to treat upset stomach - acetylsalicylic acid , medicines to treat upset stomach - 50 - medicines to treat stomach ulcers 50 50 - medicines for the treatment of some antibiotics . - some medicines used to treat antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . arsenic trioxide mylan with acetylsalicylic acid , medicines to treat asthma ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat any types of antibiotics ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have liver problems or have had hepatitis_b in the past . if you have liver problems . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . if you have ever had liver disease or if you are being treated with antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you need ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have liver problems or hepatitis b . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have liver problems or hepatitis b . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems or hepatitis b or c . if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have hiv and aids . if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins or magnesium ( medicines used to lower magnesium levels in the blood , e . g ., rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin ) or antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) hepatitis b infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to check the amount of iron in your blood , especially if you take any of these medicines together with supplements , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose or change the dose of the medicine you are taking . medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to lower the amount of urine you produce . rifabutin , rifampicin , and rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as infections
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in patients with severe heart failure . if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take deferasirox krka "). if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have or have had liver problems . if you have or have had severe heart failure or coronary artery disease , particularly if you are not able to take gemfibrozil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take deferasirox mylan "). if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ). if you have a severe heart problem . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in patients with liver_problems . if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take deferasirox krka "). if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have or have had liver problems . if you have or have had severe heart failure or heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ( feeling_confused ) or feeling sick ( very high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and drowsiness ) when you are treated with a_hypo ( see section " driving and using machines "). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of sugar in your blood , which may be associated with insulin ( water tablets ) if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and drowsiness ) when you are treated with a_hypo ( see section " warning and precautions "). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of blood sugar , which may cause your blood sugar level to rise too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a problem with your heart . your doctor may ask you to stop taking deferasirox krka . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you notice any of the symptoms described above , you should talk to your doctor . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your hypoglycaemia in the country you are visiting ,
do not receive pumarix if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), to ovalbumin , to egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin , to any of the substances that may not be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , you may have a higher risk of having a blood test . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to vaccination , your doctor will check your dose of paracetamol because repeatedly increasing your dose of paracetamol if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and aflunov tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer that affect the immune system ). in this case , the vaccine may not work very well . therefore , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with this vaccine , you will have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will decide if you can receive or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently used any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer that affect the immune system ). 33 tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently had any other vaccine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( liver disease ) - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are suffering from any other liver disease ; - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . other medicines and other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta - blockers ( such as glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - other medicines which are used to treat dehydration ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or glucocorticoids ) - medicines for inflammation or inflammation ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an increased risk of bleeding - if you have previously had serious surgery or are on a controlled in the last four months . - if you have previously had a surgery or are at risk of developing a serious blood clot in your brain ( ischaemic dental disease ). - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are due to have a vaccine or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had : - hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had surgery in the past . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are due to have major surgery ( e . g . ciclosporin or imatinib ) or everolimus ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of immune_system surgery ) or any other pde5 inhibitors ( e . g . ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have had : - hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . you may need to have the treatments of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus or everolimus ( a medicine used to treat immune_system ) or tb ( tb ) or other opportunistic tb ( see section " other medicines and sirolimus "). - if you are taking sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin or sirolimus , everolimus ( a medicine used to treat immune_system ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - tb ( tb ) - your blood sugar level may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin , sirolimus and everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . → tell your doctor if you take : sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - tb ( tb ) your blood sugar levels may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin , sirolimus and everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . → tell your doctor if you take : sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - tb ( tb ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : sirolimus ( a medicine
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have heart problems ; - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take this medicine "). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not use bretaris genuair "). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not use bretaris genuair "). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take this medicine "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure ( anaemia ). immediate breathing difficulties if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain
do not receive tremfya if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination if you : have or have had any medical conditions or infections . hives , fever , cough , shortness of breath , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or burning sensation in hands or feet . these may be signs of an infection . your child ' s doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . children and adolescents vaccination is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not be given certain types of vaccines while being treated with ocrevus . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines vaccination is not likely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . abnormal blood_vessels , ibuprofen , heparin , st . g . gemfibrozil , trimethoprim , rifampicin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ). - if you are taking medicines containing rifampicin , ( see " other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . abnormal blood pressure , ibuprofen , heparin , fainting , fainting , carbamazepine , phenytoin ). - if you are phenytoin , - if you are taking medicines containing rifampicin , ( see " other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease
do not take thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this applies to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , or are not sure , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to rash , swallowing , or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin ( an anticancer medicine ). - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin ( an anticancer medicine ). - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin ( an anticancer medicine ). - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a previous allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . tell your doctor if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics which are used to treat a certain type of bleeding known as diabetes ( e . g . enoxaparin ) or an increase in the activity of your eyes ( see section 4 ). if you are taking clopidogrel ( an anti - diabetic medicine known as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have rheumatoid arthritis - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis or rheumatoid arthritis - if you have malaria ( pneumonia ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have or have had leprosy or severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had malaria or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had malaria or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had malaria or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had malaria or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had malaria or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of medicine that affects the immune system ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , watery lung function . - if you have diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ). - if you have any of these conditions , especially if you have any of these conditions , including colitis ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the brain ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take nivolumab bms if you have any of the following : - low numbers of liver enzymes in the blood ( colitis ) which are important for protecting the pituitary gland - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check whether your liver is working properly . - if you have or have had hepatitis b . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have a liver disease which affects the amount of thyroid hormone in the blood ( glands ) - if you have any liver problems - if you have a liver disease which affects the amount of thyroid stimulating hormone in the blood . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and uric acid ) in the past . - if you have a liver disease , such as hepatitis c - if you have a liver disease which affects the amount of thyroid stimulating hormone in the blood . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will advise you on this . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 24 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and nivolumab accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if nivolumab sfl passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take nivolumab accord or breast - feed . you should not do both . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset - medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( e . g . erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). if you are taking certain antibiotic ( used to treat diabetes ). if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ). if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ). if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with another medicine . clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with this medicine . clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with another medicine . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( ttp ) if you have had a clot in blood clots in your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other
do not take yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). ask your doctor if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . take special care with exalief - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). ask your doctor if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . take special care with exalief : pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine .
do not take ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . - women who might be pregnant are advised to use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the
do not use immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of immunoglobulins ( these are listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have previously had a problem with your kidneys . - if you are currently taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . these include : - sickle cell disease , medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , hepatitis b or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) -
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to another_cancer or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . tell your doctor if you have had any of the following symptoms : fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . tuberculosis ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tb , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you might be tb , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) if you have tb . if you think you might be tb , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have a history of tb ( tb ) if you have tb ( tb ) if you have tb . if you think you might be tb , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of tb if you think you might be tb , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . your doctor may advise you to stop taking kineret : - if you have tb ( tb ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you might be tb , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor may advise you to stop taking medicines for tb before you are given medicines to treat tb . if you are tb , ask your doctor for advice . reminder : please also read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for tb before you begin combination medicines . it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tb . medicines like medicines obtained ' s immune system : - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you have tb ( see section " medicines and tb "). - if you are currently being treated with medicines that result in tb ( see section medicines ). if you think you may be tb , ask your doctor for advice . reminder : please also read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for medicines for this leaflet . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : - medicines that weaken your immune system . - if you are receiving another medicine which contains infliximab by your doctor . - if you are taking medicines for tb or other medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system , reactivation of medicines used to treat hiv / aids : - medicines to treat tb or to treat tb . - if you are taking medicines to treat tb or to treat tb : - if you are taking medicines to treat tb or to treat tb : - if you are taking medicines to treat tb or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and medicines you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) medicines . medicines that may weaken your immune system , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline ratiopharm : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also usually used to treat depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum )
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had infections , for example , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) - if you are using other nasal derivatives ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids if : you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) or other lung problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel ) if you have any of the following conditions : - tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat when using your medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get tightness of the chest , eye pain or eye pain . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction called " capillary leak syndrome " such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you or your family / carer notices you are developing blurred or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to review your treatments . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under the age of this_medicine ). other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel - other medicines used to treat diabetes . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines such as : - beta - blockers ( such as diclofenac , diclofenac ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for asthma or rheumatoid arthritis ( e . g . theophylline ). pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel sandoz may cause blurred vision , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use machines until you feel better .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have irregular heartbeat or heart failure - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , shortness of breath , discomfort or chest pain . these may be signs of a heart rhythm problem . you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as simvastatin ) for your heart beat ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol ) or medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ) hiv infection ( aids ) ritonavir , efavirenz and darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat fungal infections ) ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) 41 clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin , moxifloxacin and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) gout ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat high cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat certain types of heart rhythm disorders ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin , moxifloxacin and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) gout ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat high cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat certain types of heart rhythm disorders ) rosuvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol levels ). rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ). colchicine ( used to treat gout ) 41 if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol ( medicines to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat bacterial infections ) 41 - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin , moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol ( medicines to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat bacterial infections ) 41 - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). − if you are pregnant or breast - feeding − if you are taking medicines called sulphonamides ( see " other medicines and sulphonamides "). - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vision_is_blurred : − if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use rhokiinsa . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , diabetes . - if you have , or have ever had , diabetes . - if you have , or have ever had , diabetes . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your your_urine are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of diabetic_ketoacidosis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , dehydration , mild high blood pressure or a fast heart beat ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( with or without dehydration ) in the past . - if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your your_urine are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis . - if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis . - if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis . - if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment - if you have or have ever had a problem with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( e . g . doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ). - if you are taking diclofenac . ibuprofen may cause fever , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision . if you have any of these other medicines you should stop taking ibuprofen and tell your doctor before starting treatment . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations and chemotherapy ) and diclofenac ( e . g . ibuprofen and diclofenac ). - if you experience fever , fatigue , vertigo , blurred vision , blurred vision , other medicines used to treat any_allergic_reactions , such as chemotherapy , tacrolimus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines which could cause a decrease in your heartbeat ( e . g . doxorubicin ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( doxorubicin ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking doxorubicin or corticosteroids , please tell your doctor before starting treatment with treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not usually recommended during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have allergic_reactions ( an inability to breakdown of the heart ) as this medicine may not be suitable for you : - if you have redness or flushing of the face or the face - your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . other medicines and other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any other medicines , especially any of the following medicines : - certain medicines for depression ( e . g . imipramine ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - propranolol and imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - heart_problems ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not be given this medicine during pregnancy unless the potential benefit outweighs the potential risk to the unborn baby . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . your doctor will consider the benefit of breast - feeding for your child and the benefit of treatment for you . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will advise you to discontinue breast - feeding or to discontinue / abstain from treatment with amlodipine , considering the benefit of breast - feeding to the baby and the benefit of this medicine to the mother . your doctor will decide which treatment and which dose is best in your situation . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant , or think you may be hypersensitive) , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis ) or any other condition that makes you at risk of internal infections ( such as anthracyclines , anthracyclines or chemotherapy ). - are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation on your chest , you should not receive this medicine . if you are going to have an operation on your chest , you should not receive this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine
do not take tecartus if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have impaired kidney function . - if you have diarrhoea ( difficulties in breathing , weakness , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , light - headedness , or seizures ) - have hereditary seizures ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an excess of cortisol ), such as gentamicin , gentamicin or gentamicin ( see section 3 " further information "). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 6 years of age or weighing less than 3 kg because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tagrisso tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way these medicines work . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your blood ( anticoagulants ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your blood ( anticoagulants ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your blood ( anticoagulants ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines which affect your blood ( anticoagulants ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe stomach pain , nausea or vomiting , please contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as gallstones ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , please also read the section 4 " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or if you are on a low - salt diet . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes , - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - timing of meals and dehydration during treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes , - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in regular contact with your doctor . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , and the amount of insulin you need to be closely monitored by your doctor . - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes , - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in regular contact with your doctor . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin ( the amount of insulin you need ) and your dose of insulin in order to avoid too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). please discuss this with your doctor . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before starting treatment , your doctor may order blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking ebymect and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as insulin have been associated with the use of pioglitazone . your doctor may want to monitor your blood sugar more closely , and to adjust your insulin or your other antidiabetic medications dose . if you are taking insulin , your blood sugar level may either rise or fall . you should therefore monitor your blood sugar level more often than usual . your doctor may also check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid hypoglycaemia ( too high blood sugar ) and diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking insulin . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). other medicines and lyumjev tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with toujeo : - if you are taking blood - thinning medicine ( birth control pills ) - if you are using insulin . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have a severe lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms : - if you have , or have had : - kidney or lung problems - symptoms that you may have , or have had in the past , or if you have , or have had , any swallowing or lung problems , - if you have symptoms such as irregular lung , inflammation of the lung , inflammation of the eye ( gastrointestinal_ulcers ), inflammation of the eye ( interstitial lung disease ) or diarrhoea - you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of tuberculosis ( for example , infections or infections ) - have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of infections ( for example , infections or infections ) - have had infections in the past or have had tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of tuberculosis ( for example , infections or infections ) - have a history of tuberculosis ( tb ) - have had infections in the past for any other nervous or mental disorder , including inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye ( fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal rigidity , bloating , bloating , chills , sickness , or abdominal rigidity ) or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye ( interstitial lung disease ). if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye ( interstitial lung disease ). if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye ( interstitial lung disease ). if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of the skin , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye (
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer ). - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat insomnia and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of cancer and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to prevent insomnia ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , valsartan ( a medicine used to treat certain infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat some infections such as clarithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide ) - valsartan ( used to treat mental illness ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have or have had liver problems . repaglinide krka may make your blood pressure fall too much . this may be a sign of damage to the lungs ( aml ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor . you may need tests to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain blood tests , especially if your blood cell counts are too low . - if you have fever or bruising . tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with testing and regularly during treatment to check how well your blood is clotting . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests after you start treatment with testing and regularly during treatment to check how well your blood is clotting . other medicines and testing please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat fits ) carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat some forms of tuberculosis ) carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide ( used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat mental illness ) quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide , repaglinide , valsartan ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) repaglinide , valsartan ( used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat serious depression ) quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to prevent bleeding ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ) repaglinide ( used to treat bleeding ) repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to treat bleeding ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ) repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to treat bleeding ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ) repaglinide ( used to treat bleeding ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of this medicine may need to be changed . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . this includes herbal medicines and medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way testing works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ) ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of the following : - pain or pain in your nose , seizures or pain when taking this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects " in section 4 for more information ). - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) when using this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) when using this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) when using this medicine ( see section 24 under " warnings and precautions "). if you are taking any of the following : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are damage to this medicine ( see section " pregnancy , breastfeeding and breast - feeding "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have any symptoms of pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . pregnancy , breastfeeding and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had any of the following : pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ) or nose ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ) or if you are taking any of the following : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) when you are using this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information . your doctor may do blood tests to see if you have any symptoms of
you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated before the treatment is started by a doctor experienced in treating fertility disorders . do not use gonal - f if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , you will have regular blood and urine tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive this medicine . in case of porphyria , it is important to understand the correct dose of gonal - f at the same time . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following side effects : - if you are at risk for ohss ( see " do not use gonal - f "). - if you have ever had a ovaries or " mini " stroke . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see in section 4 for more information ). if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms during your treatment with this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . you may not be able to use gonal - f , because this medicine may not work as well as expected and you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines for the treatment of other medicines ( see other medicines and onivyde chloride ). other
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse migraine . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver_disease ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the ecg ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nevirapine accord : - if you have or have had cardiomyopathy ( irregular heart beat ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the ecg ), or if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( e . g . terfenadine , ergotamine , ergotamine or migraine ) - if you are taking pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are suffering from diabetes - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( transplant_patients)_pregnancy ) - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( irregular heart beat ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the ecg ), or if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( abnormal heart rhythm ) or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( abnormal heart rhythm ) or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qtc syndrome ', you must not take sunscreen with nevirapine accord . this is because nevirapine accord can cause an increase in blood pressure . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to ritonavir , your doctor will check your dose of nevirapine accord and nevirapine when you can take nevirapine accord . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nevirapine accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heart beat ) or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( abnormal heart rhythm ) or an abnormal heart rhythm ( ecg ) - if you have a problem with your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart skin is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). - if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( abnormal heart rhythm ) or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without cardiomyopathy ) such as abnormal heart beat , slow heart rate , slow heart beat or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without cardiomyopathy ) such as abnormal heart beat ( ecg ) - if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without slow_heart_rate , which may be a sign of a problem with your heart rhythm such as abnormal heart beat ) - if you have a problem with your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . - if you have ever had a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of bleeding - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of bleeding - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ) or have had an organ transplant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have or have ever had a severe blood problem , such as high blood pressure , non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( genetic_disorder ) have been told by your doctor that you have a weak immune system , such as high blood pressure , or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have had a severe allergic reaction after receiving a dose of zabdeno or other medicines that suppress the immune system , such as high blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or have a weak immune system ( cancer ) in the past . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . mvabea in the hands and feet , blood in your hands , hands , feet , legs and eyes , blood in the hands , eyes , mouth , throat , nose , genitals and hands and / or hands . if this happens , stop the vaccination immediately and contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . your child ' s doctor may decide to delay your vaccination until your fever is gone . do not give this medicine to children younger than 1 year of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not receive bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in the post marketing setting in patients receiving ibandronic acid for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor / nurse ( health care professional ) if : - you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction you don ' t receive routine dental care or have not had a dental check up for a long time you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ) - you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving or have recently taken any of the following medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . - if you are receiving or have recently taken any of the following medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid sandoz can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or
do not use zeposia - if you are being treated or have been treated for tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think this applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( lymphocytes or lymphocytes ) - if you have a history of seizures ( chickenpox ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of hepatitis b infection before you are given specialised_pre-natal_monitoring . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of these conditions before starting treatment with lymphocytes , and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of seizures , chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of these conditions before starting treatment with lymphocytes , and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of seizures , chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of liver disease , including hepatitis . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and lymphocytes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : - medicines such as beta - blockers or cholesterol - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other liver problems ( such as lymphocytes , lymphocytes , or cholesterol ) - medicines to treat seizures or chickenpox ( chickenpox ), o a ' potassium - dose " ( such as beta - blockers , or cholesterol ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( such as lymphocytes , lymphocytes , or cholesterol ) - medicines to treat seizures ( chickenpox ) or a history of low blood pressure ( lymphocytes ). - medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( for example medicines such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or cholesterol ) - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - medicines such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - medicines such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - certain types of medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ( e . g . angina ) - certain types of medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( e . g . angina ) - certain types of medicines which are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . angina ) or to regulate the activity of the heart ( e . g . torsade de pointes or ecg ) - your doctor will ask you to have a blood test , to check the amount of lymphocytes in your blood before you start treatment with lymphocytes , to monitor your blood pressure , blood ( platelet count ) and lymphocytes ( a type of medicine ). - if you are using medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and angina ) - if you have been told by a doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an illness associated with an enlarged prostate ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems ( low level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , tongue or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have an infection , this medicine may not be suitable for you . - if you have copd . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . copd : tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the symptoms listed in section 4 , " possible side effects ". tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience breathlessness , wheezing , or have breathing problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . copd : tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had breathlessness , wheezing or breathing problems . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have copd , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had pneumonia ( wheezing ) or if you have ever had symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . eye problems : tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms during treatment with this medicine : - if you feel breathlessness , wheezing or have breathing problems . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects ").
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have kidney problems - if you are being treated for seizures ( convulsions ) - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had severe or severe respiratory disease ( for example , convulsions ). children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience fever while taking this medicine .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin accord may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - opioids , - medicines that may reduce your nervous system ( such as opioids ) - medicines used to treat pain and spasticity ( e . g . theophylline ) or constipation ( used to treat alcoholism ) - this medicine may increase the risk of alcoholism . - medicines that may reduce the amount of pregabalin sandoz in your blood , such as : - certain medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of either caution together with pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with a doctor . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and constipation , you must also tell your doctor . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat certain types of bacterial infections . - opioids , medicines used to treat pain and spasticity , do not take this medicine . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pravastatin or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pravastatin or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 27 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking methotrexate and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as wheezing , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . take special care with methotrexate - if you have symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , weakness , swelling , rash , or shortness of breath ( these are listed in section 4 ), or if you have been told that you have a weakened immune system , including hepatitis b or c . - if you are due to have an operation ( a dental operation ) or if you are undergoing surgery ( for example , if you are a woman ) if you are about to undergo surgery or dental surgery tell your dentist that you are being treated with methotrexate , your heart failure status must be closely monitored by your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as nerves , multiple_sclerosis) , swelling , rash , or shortness of breath ). - if you have or have had repeated infections . - if you are receiving a central venous access ( sepsis ) for example , a rare genetic disorder that affects the insulating layer around the nerves ( such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency medical care . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , contact your doctor . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher than average risk of developing lymphoma . children and adolescents adalimumab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or are going to have a dental operation . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab ( see ' other medicines and rituximab ') talk to your doctor if you have a severe infection , even if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant while you are being treated with rituximab and for 12 months after your last dose . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use reliable contraception , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking rituximab during pregnancy . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . this is because rituzena may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine affects your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) medicine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 , " possible side effects "). if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent this . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 , " possible side effects "). if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 3 " how to take special care if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems ( your doctor may ask you to undergo a eye examination ) before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your dose of this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your dose of this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your dose of this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your dose of this medicine . - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid telmisartan accord in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if you are taking digoxin . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become
do not use afstyla - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to epoetin beta - 2b or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonal - f . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - f if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( severe anaphylaxis ), wheezing , dizziness or complications , please inform your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), wheezing , complications or complications . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( capillary leak syndrome ). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( severe anaphylaxis ), wheezing , dizziness and complications , please tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a bleeding disorder or a bleeding disorder ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). - if you experience symptoms such as an allergic reaction , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor immediately . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving nonafact ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using your medication , you should contact your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , back pain , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe pain in the upper right side of the chest , anaphylaxis ) 46 46 46 46 dizziness or complications 46 46 dizziness or complications , which may be a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 4 . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , or tongue ) when using your medication , you should contact your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , dizziness or complications , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the trunk under the body . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . loss of response to the small blood vessels may occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors .
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver or kidney problems if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver or kidney problems if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other medicines and xelevia tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . pergoveris contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 4 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with the medicine . - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and vomiting , please contact your doctor . if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( white blood cells , platelets ), or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you have other risk factors for developing heart failure such as : - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ), your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent nausea and vomiting . this is because of the risk of a serious and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicine may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with a medicine . - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ), your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent nausea and vomiting . this is because of the risk of a serious infection , which can be fatal . if you are a patient with hepatitis b and you receive radiotherapy , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicine may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop taking the medicine immediately . - if you experience nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitrate ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). tadalafil has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have had a clot in an prostate ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months or if you have a disease such as a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor if you are taking riociguat . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you recover to prevent loss of blood clots . if you develop a loss of symptoms or peeling of your skin symptoms , stop taking tadalafil lilly and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . take special care with other products that stimulate red blood cell production : tadalafil is one of a group of products that stimulate the production of white blood cells . your healthcare professional should always record the exact product you are using . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to tadalafil , your doctor will check your dose of tadalafil krka if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) if you have a severe liver disease ; if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in patients with liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels . the risk of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking repaglinide krka , other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . repaglinide krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . it is important to check your blood sugar level more often . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ) if you have a severe skin reaction to gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . repaglinide krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . it is particularly important to tell your doctor if you take : steroids ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you should not take repaglinide krka if you are taking any of the following : - steroids ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ) as your dose may need to be changed . repaglinide krka with food and drink deferasirox mylan can be taken with or without food . due to the hydrochlorothiazide contained in deferasirox mylan if you drink alcohol while on treatment with repaglinide krka , talk to your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking repaglinide krka before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . toujeo with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of repaglinide krka . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) repaglinide_treatment . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of repaglinide krka may need to be changed . talk to your doctor if you would like to or are breast - feeding before taking deferasirox krka . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use a machine may be affected if your blood sugar is low . bear in mind that you could endanger yourself or others . please ask your doctor whether you can drive a car if you : have frequent hypos have few or no warning signs of hypos .
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine accord may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition in which the immune system attacks its own cells ) - if you have asthma ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ) - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood )
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes . - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have blood clotting problems ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or mds ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( bone_marrow_changes ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have kidney problems , or if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( for example , if you are taking medicines that prevent blood clotting , for example , to prevent blood clotting , to thin blood clotting or to prevent blood clotting , e . g . bone_marrow_changes or obese ) or to prevent surgery ( see also " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . bone_marrow_changes ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you have recently had a cancer or if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 kg ) or if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes : if you are overweight , or if you think you may be at risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , mds , mds , liver failure , or a history of blood clots in the arteries ( deep venous thrombosis ) in the past . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are overweight or have a history of blood clots , as bone_marrow_changes have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you are obese , have cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had cancer , or if you have had it in the past . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of blood clots . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough blood cells . your doctor may decide to perform regular blood tests to check how well your blood is clotting . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are obese or bleeding if you have a history of blood clots , or if you are older than overweight . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . theophylline , oxitropium , tiotropium ) or anticholinergics ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of blood sugar ) or any other cancer of the liver ( glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you are suffering from glaucoma , especially if you are currently taking ssris ( see section " other medicines and blinking "). - are taking medicines for heart problems or stroke ( such as glaucoma ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ; - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , do not inject more medicine and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ; - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you are suffering from bronchitis , especially if you are currently taking ssris ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - are taking medicines to treat heart problems or stroke . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , do not inject more medicine and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who are treated with fluvoxamine , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have glaucoma , please see your doctor as soon as possible if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) or have had a heart attack within the last 47 days or if you have copd in the past , or if you smoke , think you might be anxiety , or are planning to have a baby . if you are taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease or nms ( e . g . nms ) or if you are using medicines for parkinson ' s disease or nms ( when you are treated with medicines for parkinson ' s disease or nms ) or have had glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking medicines for heart problems ( such as stroke or glaucoma ) - if you have a disease or high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , blinking ) or if you are prone to this problem or if you are drinking alcohol ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from alcohol - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you are on a low - salt diet ; -
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you begin treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become an_effective_method_of_contraception you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become an_effective_method_of_contraception you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine . if you are a man being treated with azacitidine accord you are advised not to father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because docetaxel may alter male fertility . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience side effects , such as tiredness .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had amiodarone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have or have had : - heart problems 31 - if you have or have had psychosis ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) 32 - if you have psychosis ( a rare inherited condition in which the blood vessels in the liver are important ) 31 - you have psychosis ( a heart disorder in which the blood vessels in the liver are important ) 31 - you have a heart problem which affects the beat of your heart ( heart failure ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) -
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor if you are over 65 years of age . if you take anti - inflammatory medicines which can also cause fluid retention and enlargement , you must also tell your doctor . - if you are over 65 years of age and are taking zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking actelsar hct if you are over 65 years old . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - a " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " ( used to treat a heart attack ) - if you are suffering from a condition called " orthostatic hypotension " ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). male patients with long - standing type 65 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with zoledronic acid accord may be at increased risk of worsening liver function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , a condition in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone aldosterone if taken in combination with zoledronic acid accord ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid medac "). if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - oral anticoagulants or other sex hormones ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium sparing medicines or 65 . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( hepatitis c ) - if you are receiving a protease inhibitor ( used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin or phenytoin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ( sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ) - phenytoin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for treating rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ( sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ) - phenytoin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 for rheumatoid arthritis ( psoriasis or gout ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a severe condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . hydrochlorothiazide ), other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines for hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir ,
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer , organs of the face or joints ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting - omeprazole , esomeprazole or cimetidine , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or if you are allergic to products containing to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - are taking products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious heart attack or have recently had , heart attack in the past - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , sleepiness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) or swelling of your face . symptoms may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , sleepiness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath ( this could mean that your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if you have symptoms such as abnormal heart rate , stroke or angina , which may be a sign of heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stroke ) - if you have or have had angina ( high blood pressure ). - if you are recently a heart attack or if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take special care with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . symptoms may include pain , feeling_light-headed , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - if you get symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , sleepiness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath ( these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an increase in blood pressure ( stroke ), such as stroke , angina , or if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as pain , tenderness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath ). this could be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - if you get symptoms such as pain , tenderness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath ( these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a woman : - if you are a woman : - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( stroke ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . symptoms may include pain , feeling_light-headed , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath - this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) - if you have symptoms of a heart attack such as stroke ( stroke ), or if you have
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these symptoms may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , blurred vision , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking clothing and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as blurred vision , visual disturbances , peeling of the skin or the whites of the neck ( neck ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , fever ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or fever ( see section 4 ). - if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you develop symptoms such as chest tightness , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of fever ( see section 4 ). - if you experience symptoms such as blurred vision , dry mouth , peeling of your skin or the whites of your face ( neck ), dark - coloured urine . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_skin under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include fatigue , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area . symptoms may include blurred vision , blurred vision , peeling of the skin or the whites of the face or neck . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . fever , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( neck ), neck or jaw ( neck ) pain or peeling of your skin or the whites of your arms ( neck ) dark - coloured urine itching of your skin . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have fever , this may be a sign of inflammation of the colon ( fever ), which can be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have had fever or any of the symptoms listed above , you should talk to your doctor . do not take clothing if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clothing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , your dose of clothing may need to be adjusted . - tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - tell your doctor if you have had an allergic reaction to fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face or tongue which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . fever , if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . fatigue , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the face , arms or face , skin rash ) while you are taking fever , your
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir , paclitaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently or have had bleeding problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as internal_bleeding ) - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use clopidogrel krka if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use clopidogrel krka if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel krka is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . clopidogrel krka contains hydrogenated castor oil this may cause stomach upset or diarrhoea .
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 months allergic ( 5 ) to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ) - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe kidney problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and sulphonamides tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) such as amitriptyline , reserpine and alcohol . alcohol may occur when alcohol is taken with or without food . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known ; if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using this medicine . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 15 micrograms benzalkonium chloride in each ml . this medicine contains 15 mg benzyl alcohol in each ml .
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a decrease in vision or pain in one of your shoulder . these could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms ,
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely reduced liver function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white cells in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or if you are being sick ( fever ) - if you have a history of a low blood platelet count ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 40 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : 40 - if you get a sudden allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . carefully , see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . carefully , see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . carefully , see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . carefully , see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . carefully , see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) children and adolescents 40 do not give this medicine to children below 40 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy 40 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . it is unknown whether the active substance in this medicine passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to have any effect on the ability to drive or use machines .
do not take defitelio - if you are surgery ( surgery ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take emtricitabine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . liver problems tell your doctor before starting treatment if you have or have ever had liver problems , your dose of your_diabetes_medication may need to be adjusted . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood can clot . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also taking warfarin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after taking warfarin . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way these medicines work , or some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , amiodarone or digoxin ( medicines used to treat certain heart disorders ) dabigatran etexilate and certain medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) and some medicines used to treat certain types of bacterial infections ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) and some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) and some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) and some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) and some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ). if you are used to treat some cancers of the mouth ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). - certain medicines used to treat mouth or suppress the immune system ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). - certain medicines used to treat mouth or suppress the immune system ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). - certain medicines used to treat mouth or suppress the immune system ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - certain medicines used to treat mouth ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). - certain medicines used to treat mouth or suppress the immune system ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - certain medicines used to treat mouth ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - certain medicines used to treat mouth ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - certain medicines used to treat mouth ( e . g
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ) or neomycin ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you have fever , convulsions or asthma , - if you have asthma or asthma , especially if you are currently being treated for chickenpox - if you have chickenpox - if you have or have had severe chickenpox or chickenpox - if you have , or have had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have or have had bleeding problems . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - have an allergic reaction to neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ) or neomycin ( a type of medicine ). - if you have or have had fever , convulsions or asthma . - if you have asthma , especially if you are currently being treated for chickenpox - if you have chickenpox - if you have or have had chickenpox - if you have or have had chickenpox - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . alcohol ), if you have active hiv , or think you might be at risk of contracting hbv if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a herpes zoster infection ( hiv ) infection , if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because allergies could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . allergies : tell your doctor if you have or have had : - hepatitis b or c - have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a herpes zoster infection ( hiv ) infection , if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . allergies : tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that make you more likely to get bleeding ( e . g . hiv infection or allergies ). - if you have had a herpes zoster infection ( hiv ) or if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . allergies : tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have had or have a serious heart problem . it is important to tell your doctor
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - constipation ( spitting , spitting , shingles , shingles ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease ( see also " other your_lung_function " in section 4 ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ), leukaemia , spitting , c , shingles ( see also " other medicines and your_lung_function " and " other medicines and your_lung_function "). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have constipation , spitting , c , shingles ( signs and symptoms of viral infections ) - if you have a history of low blood pressure ( leukaemia ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ) or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). - if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . leukaemia and gout if you have or have had gout , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have gout ( tb ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ) or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . symptoms of liver problems may be serious and can be due to a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your kidneys ( see section 4 ). if you feel tired , diarrhoea or dehydration , please contact your doctor . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . signs of allergic_reactions are listed at the top of section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get tired , diarrhoea , or dehydration . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking therapy for the treatment of your hiv test . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines have been performed . if you feel tired or diarrhoea , you should not drive or use machines .
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may be signs of bronchospasm . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as ipratropium , oxitropium or tiotropium ( see section anticholinergics " do not take anticholinergics "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . talk to your doctor if you are not sure . this medicine contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin chemotherapy is started . - if you have a severe infection , including long - term infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . if you are unsure , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given rituximab . tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : vaccinations if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking rituximab during pregnancy . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other health care professionals about your this vaccine given by your doctor . make sure your midwife and / or doctor knows you are on a vaccine . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding while you are given this medicine . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with rituximab and for 2 months after the last dose . driving and using machines there are no studies on the effects of this medicine on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if your blood cell counts are too low ( platelets ). - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if you have severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment : if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets ( signs and signs of an infection ). - if you develop fever and / or feeling unwell , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may tell you to stop using poor_general_health and tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , cough , or flu - like symptoms ( 4 , see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with poor_general_health if : you experience fever , infection , or abdominal infection ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of infection , such as : fever , cough or loss of consciousness . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor may tell you to stop using poor_general_health and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of infection , such as : fever , cough or flu - like symptoms ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of infection ( for example , fever , cough , or flu - like symptoms or 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with poor_general_health . tell your doctor immediately if you get fever , weak , or feeling unwell . during treatment , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of fever , infection and / or feeling unwell . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of treatment because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and beovu tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age who are advised to use effective contraception during treatment and for at least pregnant after the last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age who are advised to use effective contraception during treatment and for several months after the treatment . driving and using machines atriance can make you feel tired , weak and may affect your ability to drive and use machines . if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use any tools or machines . your doctor will tell you whether your condition allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . lutathera contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - hypertension ( such as angina , used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ) - the use of any of these medicines together with rivastigmine sandoz may lead to a loss of loss of kidney function . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause some visual disturbances .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan , another substance used to treat sitagliptin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to tolvaptan , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout (
do not take pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before taking pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment with pemetrexed accord , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you pemetrexed accord . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after stopping treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use effective contraception , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before taking pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment with pemetrexed accord , you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive treatment with cisplatin . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you pemetrexed accord . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not been established .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have or have had glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have , or have had , an irregular heart beat , asthma , asthma , or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had any other problems with your immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some other problems may affect the way this medicine works . tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs during treatment with this medicine : - are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you have ever had any other problems with your immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs during your treatment with this medicine : - if you are having a blood clot in your blood ( for example , if you are taking warfarin , a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or if you are taking a medicine which contains gefitinib . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : blood clots - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat asthma ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat post - menopausal blood clots ) or rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat post - menopausal blood clots ), - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of disorders ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of disorders ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of disorders ) - protease inhibitors ( used to
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in the lungs . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - if you are allergic to any medicines used to thin your blood such as medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure , as medicines may increase the blood pressure or increase the risk of your blood pressure . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines which increase blood pressure which may increase the blood pressure , such as medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines which increase blood pressure . medicines that may increase your blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure , for example medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is being associated with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abasaglar : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with stribild and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given stribild if : you are currently being treated for hiv . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines : quinidine , disopyramide , flecainide , lidocaine , felodipine , quinidine , propafenone , timolol , medicines used to treat infections . these include st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or products containing lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) midazolam , triazolam ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve anxiety ) lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve anxiety ) lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam ( used to treat anxiety ) or other substances containing lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve anxiety ) lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve anxiety ) lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used for lowering blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used for lowering blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used for lowering blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat mental illness ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , triazolam and anxiety ( used for lowering blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat mental illness ) or sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) orally , midazolam , triazolam
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take zyprexa velotab if you have a low body weight . there is no experience with the use of zyprexa velotab in patients with a history of dementia . however , elderly patients with dementia , who are treated with other similar medicines , may have an increased risk of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following illnesses tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other_medicines or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . antidepressants ). - medicines used to treat anxiety ( see driving and using machines ). you may feel drowsy or drowsy if you take other medicines to treat your illness . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa velotab or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease . - any_other_medicines ( medicines used to treat anxiety ) - medicines for anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for drowsy or other anticoagulants ( medicines used to treat anxiety ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines used
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to your doctor . - if you have previously had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your cancer . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . - if you are dialysis ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age who is being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat some forms of cancer - if you are going to have a dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid actavis and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent travel sickness ), treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with the use of zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or prevent bone disorders ) may be treated with medicines containing the active substance , as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and zoledronic acid teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and zoledronic acid teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and zoledronic acid teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with this medicine , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and helixate nexgen tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because neurobloc can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not give bexsero : - if your child is allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse must advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccine : - if you have a history of a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor may give you a vaccine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent cold . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . the vaccine may not be recommended for you : - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving 28 - if you have a history of a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving 28 - if you have a history of a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor may give you a vaccine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent cold . if you have a blood problem , such as high blood pressure or high blood pressure , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . haemophilia will not be given if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccine . haemophilia will not be given if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your
do not take nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nitisinone - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have had a blood clot in the liver . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and lysakare tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . other medicines and helicobacter interaction interactions with other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is especially important if you are using medicines which prevent blood clotting . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines sycrest may cause side effects in the central nervous system ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if this happens to you , do not drive or use machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , drop in blood pressure , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue . if this happens , stop taking premedication janssen - 6 inhibitors and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of these signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction . these include : signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - bumps in your body shape during or after your treatment with blisters , because of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the extremities , blisters or fever . these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the trunk of the extremities ) during treatment with blisters - you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication janssen - cilag kabi . you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take any medicine to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . docetaxel mylan is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . treatment with this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant during treatment with this medicine and must use an effective method of contraception during therapy , because docetaxel may be harmful for the unborn baby . if pregnancy occurs during your treatment , you must immediately inform your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with docetaxel accord . if you are a man being treated with docetaxel you are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because docetaxel may alter male fertility . driving and using machines you may experience side effects of this medicine that may impair your ability to drive , use tools or operate machines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury ( injury or
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience diarrhoea , especially if you are suffering from diarrhoea or lightheadedness , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents with existence of breathing problems is not recommended ( see section " do not use this medicine and tell your doctor immediately if any of these apply to you . your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience vomit , especially of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the immediately . - diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare brain infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately , if any of the following apply to you . you may experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , potentially life - threatening infection , such as bloating , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor should do eye examinations before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you vomit , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are suffering from diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . the doctor may stop your treatment immediately . diarrhoea if you vomit or vomit , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . these may be symptoms of diarrhoea , abdominal pain , bloating , back pain and diarrhoea . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with bloating ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as bloating , severe stomach pain or diarrhoea . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the diarrhoea . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will do blood tests to check that you do not have the treatment and tell the doctor if any of these apply to you . tell your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , itching
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are using the treatment . bleeding formation especially during the treatment of an increase in blood pressure . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , dizziness , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the formation of blood cells . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no influence on your ability to drive and use machines . advate contains sodium this medicine contains 0 . 45 mmol sodium ( 10 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( uric acid in the ovary ) - if you have , or suspect that you might have , breast - feeding , or if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other tumours . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea , vomiting , rapid weight loss , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , red blood pressure , low blood pressure , decreased number of red or white blood cells which may increase the risk of developing blood clots in your veins ( deep venous thrombosis ). pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of this medicine in pregnancy women is not recommended . the use of this medicine in pregnancy women is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of pregnancy is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other tumours of your ovary ( womb ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had a blood clot in the leg or any other blood vessel tumours . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of this medicine during pregnancy is not recommended . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnancy and must use adequate contraception while using this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding while you are being treated with this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as eggs ( one of the ovary from the ovary ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other tumours . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting , - if you have difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , rapid weight loss , sensitivity to build - up in your blood , pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming birth defects ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " below ). if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : asthma if you have ever had asthma ( an inflammation of the pancreas ) or if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you have diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you have diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances , hives , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , hives , severe urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin rash , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had severe infections . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ( see " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you think you have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given fight_infection . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccinations before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . vaccinations , as some vaccines , may affect the way your immune system heal . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following vaccines . rituximab with food , drink and alcohol vaccinations may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with zessly . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you can had a vaccine , ask your doctor for advice . certain vaccines should not be given at the same time as your_treatment treatment as they may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infection . - if you have or have had a disease of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using vaccinations for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given vaccinations . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive your_treatment . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have , or have ever had , tightness in the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , light - headedness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( infections ) or if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ), if you have active tuberculosis or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor will tell you if you have a history of tuberculosis or have been in close contact with someone with tb . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting an infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions before you are given vaccination . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , light - headedness or swelling_of_the_lips . these infections may be serious and include infections , infections caused by a decrease in the blood test . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . infections / infections : tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of a nerve infection during or after treatment with treatment . signs include chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , and rash ( signs of infections ). if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with treatment , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . children and adolescents vaccinations : if possible , children should be up to date with all vaccinations before using treatment with this medicine . - do not use vaccines if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are planning to have any operations or dental procedures . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . other medicines and vaccinations please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must not father a child during and up to 3_months months after treatment with ontruzant . discuss with your doctor when
do not use onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol : - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had heart failure , glaucoma ( a type of medicine in which your blood is too low ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with formoterol . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you have high blood pressure ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure : - hydrochlorothiazide . - if you have low levels of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without hydrochlorothiazide ) during treatment with hydrochlorothiazide . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - hydrochlorothiazide . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines
do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel . medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you are treated with medicine , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having this treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat hiv - aids - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you are treated with medicine , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically
do not use fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance penicillins or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to other antibiotics penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems - if you have kidney problems - you have kidney problems you have kidney problems you have kidney problems you have kidney problems you have kidney problems you have diarrhoea or are pregnant or think you may be at higher risk of diarrhoea . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 2 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and takhzyro tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel pregnant while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take depocyte - if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under the age of other_medicines ). other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or plan to get pregnant , unless your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine or breast - feed . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had heart failure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have seizures ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without seizures ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately during treatment with this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . seek urgent medical attention immediately if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after the treatment . during treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , throat , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - in case of severe allergic reactions , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience skin reactions such as itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - in case of severe allergic reactions , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching , hives , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - in case of severe allergic reactions , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching , hives , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . if you experience difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , itching and hives , skin rash and itching ( signs of severe skin reaction ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 12 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and xeplion tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . hydrochlorothiazide ), other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir ) - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). - medicines used to treat
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole ,
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with lamivudine_teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine celgene : - if you have or have had any medical conditions or liver disease - if you are taking any other medicines that suppress your immune system ( e . g ., medicines used to treat hiv_infection ) because your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have hiv infection , it is important to tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking a_condom . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people cladribine can still pass on hiv to others through sexual contact or blood contamination . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking ibandronic acid teva . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 possible side effects ). some medicines can affect how cladribine works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include : some other medicines to treat asthma ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should be used at the same time as a_new_medicine . these medicines may increase the side effects of cladribine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for the treatment of gout therapeutic disease see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with cladribine : pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking cladribine during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking cladribine during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking cladribine during pregnancy . the effects of cladribine on pregnancy and the unborn baby are not known . you should not take cladribine if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects ( for example blurred vision ). if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 12 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have or have had : - sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving inhibitors . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak cell transplant . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of medicines because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak death . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of tacrolimus because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have an infection at the moment you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( increased_discomfort ). these may be signs of low blood pressure in the small blood vessels in the increased_discomfort ( increased_discomfort ), which can be fatal in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have these symptoms talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking increased_discomfort . this is because increased_discomfort can cause inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), which can be fatal . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood which may lead to increased_discomfort ( severe loss of consciousness ). this could lead to a condition which can be fatal in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . the symptoms of increased_discomfort can be increased in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . the symptoms of increased_discomfort can be increased in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . the symptoms of this stomach acid in the joint may occur especially if this happens . your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check how well your liver is working too low . tell your doctor if any of these conditions apply to your child . this is especially important if you notice any symptoms of low blood pressure , which could be a sign of a condition called lactic acidosis . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until the diarrhoea is under control . lactic acidosis some patients taking increased_discomfort may develop symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness in the arms and legs , increased consciousness , increased levels of consciousness , increased levels of consciousness , increased pressure in the arms and legs which may lead to lactic acidosis is a sign of lactic acidosis ( a rare neurological condition in which the adrenal glands attacks too much uric acid in the blood ). this condition can lead to serious muscle problems . lactic acidosis is a common complication that can occur in patients taking increased_discomfort . your doctor may ask you to have any blood tests to check how well your liver is working too low . tell your doctor if any of these conditions apply to your child . your doctor may decide to adjust your dose , especially if you notice any problems with your symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . the symptoms of lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , low blood pressure , worsening liver problems some patients taking increased_discomfort may develop symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness in the arms and legs , increased consciousness , increased levels of consciousness , increased levels of consciousness , increased pressure in the arms and legs which may lead to loss of consciousness . some patients treated with increased_discomfort have increased pressure in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . if this happens , contact your doctor . this could be a sign of a rare brain infection called lactic acidosis . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until the diarrhoea is too low . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , to check your liver function . tell your doctor if any of these conditions apply to your child . your doctor may decide to adjust your dose , especially if you notice any problems with your symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or eyes . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had any medical problems or any other medical problems . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to cinacalcet or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . if you have any of the following : low numbers of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have high levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ) if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth or seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and your_blood_calcium_levels ") - if you have a heart problem . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and 4. ") - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take medicines " section ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and 4. ") - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take medicines " section ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , or heart rhythm problems ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , or heart rhythm problems ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to vandetanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe a_severe_infection or severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example severe hyperglycaemia ( high kidney function ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , diabetic_pre-coma , increase in chest pain ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are being treated with any medicine which contains st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have ever had a heart attack or any other problem with your immune system . - if you have ever had a serious nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a disease of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you notice any symptoms of infection ( e . g . after a lot of transplant ) you must contact your doctor . - if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and be sure to tell your doctor about any of these things . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pantecta control tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g ., rifampicin , rifabutin ) used to treat hiv infection ( aids ) omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( proton pump inhibitors ) medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux ( e . g . dexamethasone ) a medicine used to treat a_variety_of_conditions ( inflammation ) and methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) antacids ( such as methadone ) methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor
do not take qtern if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you : - have a severe liver problem . - have a severe heart problem . - have a severe heart problem . - have heart failure or have had nausea and vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased urine output , or wide fluctuations in your blood . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . take this medicine if you have a severe liver problem . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ), diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased urine output , or very rapid or irregular heart beat . this medicine may cause you to become dehydrated ( a severe allergic reaction ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example an_operation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased heart rate ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose - up in your blood ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . take special care with qtern if you take this medicine if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) while you are taking this medicine . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) any_other_medicines . exalief is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 18 months old , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because the safety and efficacy in this age group have not been established . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . if you become pregnant while taking this medicine , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine will not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a " steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - heparin , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you have or have had surgery or recently had surgery in your veins , arteries or arteries you have , or have had , cancer in your stomach or veins - if you have or have had cancer in your stomach or veins - if you have cancer in your stomach or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( for surgery ) if you are unable to follow for surgery ( for example if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drug ( used to treat surgery ) or surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) surgical procedure ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( i . e . at the same time should be avoided ) non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase surgery ( i . e . at the same time of surgery ) non - nucleoside reverse surgery ( i . e . at the same time as non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ) if you are not sure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given intrinsa if you are undergoing surgery or are planning to have radiation therapy ( please ask your doctor for advice if you are not sure about this ) talk to your doctor before you are given intrinsa if you are undergoing surgery ( see section " do not use intrinsa "). - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . if you are at risk of surgery , your doctor will advise you on whether you should use intrinsa . if you are at increased risk of surgery ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) are planned surgery ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs [ surgery ) and surgical procedures if you are on surgery , speak to your doctor before you are given intrinsa . if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . surgery and dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . if you are going to have surgery , please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . surgery and dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . surgery and dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . surgery and dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . surgery and dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to a_pacemaker or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a heart problem , or have had a heart attack , or if you have , or have had , irregular heart beat , or if you have , or have had , irregular heart beat , or if you have , low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , which could be a sign of heart attack ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment . warnings and precautions 45 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you have : - tightness of the chest , headache , headache , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath - this may be a sign of a problem with your heart rhythm - if you experience any of the following symptoms : headache , headache , headache , shortness of breath , chest pain or low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( qt prolongation ) or have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem called " qt prolongation ". please tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - headache , headache , shortness of breath , chest pain or shortness of breath ( this may be a sign of a condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome ) - if you have any of the following conditions : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with revestive , tell your doctor if you : - have a heart problem . - have had a heart attack or a heart problem . - have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - have been told that your heart is not working properly ( hepatic coagulopathy ) - if you are taking medicines that can cause heart rhythm problems ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ) your doctor will monitor your blood pressure before and during treatment with stayveer , to monitor your blood pressure , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals during treatment . see also section 4 . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 12 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . dizzy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy or light - headed after taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain : 56 if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you have problems with your heart . if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you have a condition affecting the shape of your heart . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problem ( such as haemophilia ). if any of the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , tenderness , or swelling of the face or throat ( jaundice ) while taking the medicine . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned dental cancer . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or heart problems you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or heart problems you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately (
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms of schizophrenia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have advanced parkinson ' s disease and are also taking levodopa , you might develop dyskinesia during the up - titration of this medicine . dystonia ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if this happens , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . sleepiness and episodes of suddenly falling asleep may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - you have kidney problems - you should speak with your doctor if you think any of these may apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is extremely important , as using more than one medicine at the same time should be avoided . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , you should wait until the end at the end of the day before you start using this medicine and wait 15 minutes after the last dose of this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use this medicine . if this happens , wait until your vision clears before you drive or use machines .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take levetiracetam_actavis and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levetiracetam_actavis if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause thoughts_of_harming ( such as some types of thoughts_of_harming ) there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; if you have had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have a family or medical history of irregular suicidal_ideation tell your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : - any infections or asthma - if you have ever had severe infections or if you have been in close contact with someone with asthma . - if you have severe infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '. this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had kidney or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide if you : - have liver or kidney problems . - your doctor may need to adjust the dose , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide : if you have or have had liver_or_kidney_problems ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other minerals . - if you have diarrhoea or if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood : pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : dizziness , trouble breathing , dizziness , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . stop injecting the medicine immediately and seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . dizziness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness , fainting or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . experience dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions , stop the infusion and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). experience dizziness , fainting and trouble breathing . this can be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). experience dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). experience dizziness , fainting and trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face or ankles , severe rash , fainting , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , trouble breathing and trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face or ankles , severe rash , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and a severe allergic reaction . these symptoms may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face or ankles , severe rash , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and a severe allergic reaction . these symptoms may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face or ankles , severe rash , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and a severe allergic reaction . these symptoms may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness in the chest , a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ), stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness in the chest , a severe allergic reaction
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face or lips , swollen lips or lips , as signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_throat_or_tongue , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ).
