do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking abacavir : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin , troleandomycin ); - if you are taking medicines containing erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicines for hiv infection ) - ritonavir , ritonavir , telaprevir , trazodone ( for sleep ) - asthma ( see section 4 ); - cisapride ( used to treat certain types of sleep ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of tadalafil accord and will need to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , rosuvastatin , nicotine - cisapride , cisapride , used to treat certain mental illnesses - pimozide , hypnotics ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of sildenafil accord or stop treatment with tadalafil accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - abacavir ( such as telithromycin , troleandomycin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , ergot_derivatives ) - cisapride ( against the gastro - oesophageal reflux ) - pimozide ( used to treat certain types of sleep ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to tuberculosis or any other similar medicines that you take to control your depression . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or another serious tb or if you think you might be at risk of contracting tb . your doctor will test you for tuberculosis before starting treatment with any_medicines , to check how well your liver is working . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . tuberculosis or pneumonia ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have regular blood tests before you start treatment with tests . this is to check that your liver is working properly . children and adolescents tests and checks the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for depression called st john ' s wort , a herbal treatment for depression . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with lamivudine mylan , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should tell your doctor or nurse that you are taking any medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take any medicines to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : any medicines for depression . do not stop any medicines without talking to your doctor : medicines to treat depression . such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine , used to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for depression or herbal medicines ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , also used to treat depression ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with lamivudine mylan , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with exalief , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section fluoroquinolones ), or to fluoroquinolones , or to any of the macrolide antibiotics , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones ,
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to emtricitabine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : are taking other medicines to treat hiv ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding ' below ). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and infecting other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking the following medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as vitamins ( except medicines used to thin the blood ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as vitamins ( except medicines used to thin the blood ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as vitamins ) or medicines which affect the production of blood cells . these include : vitamins ( medicines used to thin the blood ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking iron . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as vitamins ( except medicines used to thin the blood ) as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of iron . iron supplements and other medicines for 2 to 2 weeks after taking the
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , feeling feeling_confused or being sick ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) and very rarely , excessive thirst , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood sugar levels . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and drowsiness ) when taking deferasirox mylan ; - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and drowsiness ) when taking deferasirox mylan ; - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and drowsiness ) when you are treated with deferasirox mylan . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , a very high level of fat in your blood , which may cause symptoms such as increased urination , endometriosis , rapid weight loss , drowsiness , loss of appetite , feeling lightheaded , difficulty in breathing , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor , feeling lightheaded , very frequent urination , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor , feeling lightheaded , feeling_confused ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling consult your doctor . you may need to talk about - the availability of your hypoglycaemia in the country you are visiting , - supplies of hypoglycaemia , - supplies of hypoglycaemia , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in emergency situations when you feel unwell or have a lot of sugar in your blood . some patients with long - standing type 1 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with clopidogrel and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of hypoglycaemia such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take symptoms of blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) ( see section " other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed in section 4 . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing feeling_confused or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include weakness , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are experiencing , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). your blood sugar level may rise ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to treat certain cancers ) repaglinide ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ). repaglinide , a medicine used to
you should not receive fluad tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts , such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids , inflammation or inflammation of the 28 28 - you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - sickness medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - sickness medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( such as corticosteroids ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as corticosteroids ) used for inflammation or inflammation - beta - blockers , such as corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( such as corticosteroids ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as corticosteroids ) used for inflammation or inflammation - beta - blockers , such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). other medicines and bindren tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and liver function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding you must not be given this medicine if you are pregnant . tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are or think that you may be pregnant . you must not be given this medicine if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious liver problem . - if you have had a surgery within the last surgery . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have had a surgery within the last surgery . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had serious liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hepatitis_b or diabetes ) if you have or have had tb ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start taking this medicine and during your treatment with this medicine . - if you have diabetes , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting tuberculosis ( for example , if you are a woman ) talk to your doctor if any of the above apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting tuberculosis ( for example , if you are a woman ) talk to your doctor if any of the above apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting tuberculosis ( for example , if you are a woman ) talk to your doctor if any of the above apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as platelets , diabetes or tb ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with any problem with your liver or liver . before you start taking this medicine you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . some patients with long - standing type surgery and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with dronedarone and medicine experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised surgery ( oedema ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to normal , your doctor will check your dose of insulin . it is important to check your insulin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have major surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine for a short period of time . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have
do not use laventair_ellipta 31 - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . 31 if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you develop eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you develop eye pain or breathlessness , notify your doctor immediately . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( breathlessness ). if you have breathlessness , immediately talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , pain or eye pain . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have fever , cough , feeling tired , warm , sores_on_your_body , loss of appetite , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , feeling red or red , red or hot bowel movements , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot feeling , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot skin , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot feeling , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot feeling , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot feeling , feeling red or hot movements , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or hot skin , red or
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have developed an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have ever had a heart attack , or a blood problem such as glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have a history of sensitivity to sunlight ( a build - up of acid in the vagina ). your doctor will decide if you can still be given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid ( a medicine used to treat certain types of pain medicines ) - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . angina , primaquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine ). - medicines for high blood pressure or chest pain ( such as angina , primaquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine ). - any medicines that may have an effect on the way your immune system ( e . g . glucose - blockers , e . g . amphotericin b ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . angina , primaquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine ). - medicines that may have an effect on the level of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - diuretics ( water tablets ) - diuretics ( water tablets ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure or chest pain ( angina ) - chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine ( to treat allergic reactions ). - medicines that decrease the production of platelets in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - diuretics ( water tablets ) - diuretics ( water tablets ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure , chest pain and angina ( e . g . chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine ). - if you are receiving any of the following medicines
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain , thyroid and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have ever had melanoma , melanoma , or a serious respiratory infection . - if you have or have had melanoma or severe lung disease ( a condition where the brain is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as colitis or itching or swelling of the face , hands and feet , skin rash , itching and / or skin rash ). - if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience a combination of the symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or itching ). these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , skin rash , itching and itching ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience a combination of the symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or itching ). these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have a severe liver disease . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a liver or liver problem . - if you have or have had bleeding problems , especially if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with fever ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe fever , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel bgr or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), 31 - carbamazepine a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - opioids ( a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ). you can also need a blood test to make sure that you do the negative dose of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or you are taking medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . clopidogrel ( medicine used to treat certain types of epilepsy ) moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), repaglinide ( medicine used to treat diabetes ), paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ), opioids ( medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ) or opioids ( medicines to treat cancer ) while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should tell your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking heparin , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine used to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids :
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( another medicine containing josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera . take special care with schisandra_sphenanthera - if you are taking letermovir ( another medicine used in illness such as josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you are taking letermovir ( a medicine used to treat illness ) 34 - if you are 34 34 - if you are taking aciclovir ( another medicine used to treat illness ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( another medicine to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking the_corticosteroids_prednisolone ( such as lansoprazole or cimetidine ), - antiemetics ( medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( another medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting ) - if you are taking antiemetics ( a medicine used to relieve nausea and vomiting ) - if you are taking antiemetics ( a medicine used to relieve nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , fever , nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , changes_in_colour_vision , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without abnormal heart beats ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as capillary multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking slenyto : - if you experience a decrease in vision or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting . abnormal heart rate , abnormal heart rate , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting . abnormal heart rate , abnormal heart rate , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to investigate your treatment . - tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel apotex : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel apotex : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor muscle_or_joints and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel apotex tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel apotex . clopidogrel apotex with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal body to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding . it is important to tell your doctor if you take : medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat hiv infections
you must not be given : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . - if you are using any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn baby ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be allergic , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given beovu : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . - if you are using any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn baby ( see section " other medicines and ulipristal celgene "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during
do not receive pemetrexed mylan - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 6 - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed lilly . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive cisplatin . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infusion before . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infusion before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and cisplatin tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with cisplatin . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently received , or are receiving , any medicine obtained without a prescription . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having cisplatin treatment . it may affect other treatments or change the effectiveness of your medicine . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are cisplatin . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive cisplatin . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are cisplatin . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive cisplatin . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are cisplatin . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with cisplatin . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or intending to receive a vaccine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive cisplatin . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are cisplatin . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines
do not use immunogam - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to chills , fever , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins : - if you experience any of the following : - fever , fever , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting )
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . you should tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - a heart attack or any other problem affecting your blood - have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties - if you have liver problems - if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ hepatosplenic_t-cell_lymphoma ]). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use live_vaccines , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose , especially if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you have or have ever had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher than average risk of developing lymphoma . children and adolescents infliximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of kineret . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also using , or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a
do not take rasagiline_mylan : if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to
do not use hulio if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe signs of a severe signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as high blood pressure , weight_loss , listlessness , mild chest pain ), and in people with a history of low blood cell counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to fight infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from your kidneys , or if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have problems with your blood circulation ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking adalimumab for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe chest_tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the brain under the brain . if you suffer from signs of a genital infection , such as histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis are common . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the brain under the skin . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking adalimumab and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you develop a combination of symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may decide to stop treatment . signs and symptoms associated with a cold or other respiratory infection ( such as shortness of breath , wheezing , or swelling of your feet ), you must contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of adalimumab . - if you develop symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of adalimumab . - if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that your doctor has told you that you can . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - signs of an allergic reaction such as shortness of breath or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , wheezing or trouble breathing . these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to clopidogrel , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when taking other nasal derivatives ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using clopidogrel ahcl : - if you have or have had asthma ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( except diclofenac ) or clopidogrel ( when taken by mouth ) to help you sleep ( see section " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you have eye_problems ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking clopidogrel , diclofenac and clopidogrel ( used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat eye_problems ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( when taken by mouth ) - if you are using any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( used to lower the activity of the eye ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( medicines such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes - if you have been told by a doctor that you have to stop using this medicine . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines for the treatment of
do not take dzuveo : - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have problems with motility ( movement ) in your mouth ; - if you are taking medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or a_liquid ( a type of medicine that occurs in the mouth ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . alcohol_abuse ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking pastilles a other type of medicine called " pastilles " or " treatment " for example , mouth or mouth , mouth or mouth , mouth , mouth or mouth , mouth , mouth , or mouth . - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( e . g . nifedipine , a_liquid ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example nifedipine , nifedipine , oxycodone ), if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using any_medicines : 28 - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have problems with motility ( movement ) in your mouth ; - if you have problems with motility ( movement ) in your mouth . - if you are taking medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( e . g . nifedipine , a_liquid ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or nifedipine ) or if you are taking other medicines to treat heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid ,
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , do not take darunavir accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions 41 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example chest pain , heart attack , or heart rhythm disorders ) - any medicines that contain ' ergot '. - simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat some forms of anxiety ) - or other opioid - containing medicines ( colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other conditions ) - colchicine ( when used to treat certain mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( difficulties in breathing , or inflammatory conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( when used to treat certain mental illnesses ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( difficulties in breathing , or inflammatory conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( when used to treat certain mental illnesses ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( difficulties in breathing , or inflammatory conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - quinidine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and eporatio tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given azopt 22 - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience fever , sweating , faster breathing , fast heartbeat , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if you have a low level of platelets or white blood cells in your blood test . if you have problems with your liver . if you drink large amounts of alcohol , either every day or only from time to time ( please see section 3 ). - if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , prolonged urination , high blood pressure , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if you have diabetes , it is important to check your your_urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has been reported with the use of insulin . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed in section 4 . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking sugar during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with abseamed . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick or confusion ) or a " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of a blood clot ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have a history of heart failure or diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels has a reduced supply of diabetes ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you : have or have had : - kidney or liver problems - low numbers of platelets ( neutropenia ) - have a low number of platelets in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - problems with your blood - are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see other medicines and side_effects ). - are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( oral anticoagulants , psoriasis , or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs , such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , pain , shivering , fatigue , nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a low number of white blood cells or neutropenia in your blood . - if you have a low number of white blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see other medicines and this_medicine ). - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see other medicines and this_medicine ). - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn child ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , pain , pain , shivering , fatigue , nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a fever , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) that causes headaches , chills , chills , or shivering . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with this medicine . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . treatment with this medicine is not recommended during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other psychiatric problems . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . - if you experience headaches , chills , chills , or shivering after being given your treatment , tell your doctor as soon as you can , as you may need to stop treatment with this medicine . - if you develop a fever , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you have a severe infection , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . - if you develop a fever , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you develop a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with this medicine . - if you develop a fever , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to investigate more frequently . - tell your doctor if you have a fever , as these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , chills , or shivering after being given your treatment . tell your doctor if you have a fever that might be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , chills , or shivering after being given your treatment . tell your doctor if you or your child develops any of these signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or shivering after being given your treatment . tell your doctor if you have a fever that might be life - threatening . - if you develop a fever , your doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine . mental health problems : headaches , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your child ' s doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine . mental health problems tell your doctor if you experience headaches , chills , chills or shivering after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of headaches such as chills , shivering , and / or feeling
do not take mirvaso if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have flushing , redness , flushing , flushing , or difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of heart problems - if you have any heart problems - if you have any heart rhythm problems - if you have very high blood pressure , especially after an electrocardiogram ( skin_redness ) in your face ( glands ) - if you have irritated or flushing , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritated , flushing , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( radiotherapy ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) or are at risk of blood clots in your veins ( deep venous thrombosis ) or if you have had surgery within the past 28 days or any haemorrhagic stroke ( e . g . high blood pressure , high blood pressure , rapid weight loss , swelling , numbness , numbness or a temporary feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a blood vessel wall ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . high blood pressure , feeling_of_fainting , swelling , numbness , a weak ) or an increase in pressure in your blood . - if you have a severe infection with high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment . if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are next_few_months excessively - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet , - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed in section 6 of this leaflet . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below , as this may increase the risk of having a heart attack . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it is not known whether medicines that affect the blood or production of blood cells . if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells , such as multiple sclerosis ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough medicines that affect the blood to be sure ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis_c could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines . your doctor may give you medicines to reduce the risk of blood clots . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , uncontrolled hepatitis b , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis b virus . you have ever had hepatitis b infection you will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , uncontrolled hepatitis b , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis b virus . if you are due to have a vaccination , tell your doctor that you are having treatment with this medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses in the blood ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the 6 months after you receive treatment ). you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses in the blood ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the 6 months after you receive treatment
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , an_allergic_reaction , prolonged throat or swollen face , which could be life - threatening . - if your blood sugar is too low ( pancreatitis ), follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see box at the end of this leaflet ). warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels of the blood vessels of the blood vessels ( these_medical_conditions ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level more often . your doctor will regularly check your blood sugar regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy if : you are allergic to insulin_degludec glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to pioglitazone , discuss with your doctor if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking other medicines containing insulin ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the treatment of high blood pressure ) - octreotide , lanreotide ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve acromegaly ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and octreotide and lanreotide "). - if you have acromegaly ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare condition that occurs when the treatment of acromegaly ), - if you have a low body weight . - octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ). octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that usually occurs in middle - aged adults , caused by the pituitary gland producing excess growth hormone ). octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that usually occurs in middle - aged adults , caused by the pituitary gland producing excess growth hormone ). octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking insulin or for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are taking octreotide , lanreotide or lanreotide , please inform your doctor ' s instructions . octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking octreotide and for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . treatment with octreotide and lanreotide ( used for treatment of acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking insulin or for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are taking octreotide and lanreotide , please inform your doctor . - acromegaly ( a medicine used to treat acromegaly , a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking octreotide and for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . treatment with octreotide and lanreotide ( used for treatment of acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking octreotide and for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . treatment with octreotide and lanreotide ( used for treatment of acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking octreotide and for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . treatment with octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking octreotide and for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe breathing problems - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of infections or inflammation of the eye . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ) or inflammation of the eye ( cornea ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment : if you have or have had : - a liver or liver problems - have a history of infections - fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of infections or inflammation of the eye . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ) or ulcers in the eye ( cornea ), ulcers of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), ulcers of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), ulcers of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), ulcers of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). if you feel abnormal abdominal pain , gain any weight rapidly , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision and / or sensitivity to light , please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you have a severe or persistent infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , ivacaftor ( antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram , voriconazole , macrolide antibiotics ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram , voriconazole , macrolide antibiotics ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole , macrolide antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole
you must not be given lynparza : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to buprenorphine , do
do not use ovaleap if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb , womb , belly or other parts of the belly ( ohss ), - if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . treatment with this medicine may cause porphyria , especially at the beginning of treatment . this is to avoid postural hypotension ( a fall in blood pressure on standing up ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your belly . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a thrombosis or " mini " stroke . that your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : your skin becomes worse and easily blistered ( especially of the skin that is not there ), or if you notice any of the symptoms described above , as you may be at higher risk of developing a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) if you are a woman , this medicine increases your risk of developing ohss . this is when your follicles develop too much and become large cysts . if you get lower abdominal pain , pain or pain in the upper right side of your belly ( belly ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , likely to occur , tell your doctor right away . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . miscarriage when undergoing assisted reproductive technology or stimulation of your ovaries to produce eggs , you are more likely to have a miscarriage than the average woman . miscarriage when undergoing assisted reproductive technology or stimulation of your ovaries to produce eggs , you are more likely to have a miscarriage than the average woman . miscarriage when undergoing assisted reproductive technology or stimulation of your ovaries to produce eggs , you are more likely to have a miscarriage than the average woman . miscarriage when undergoing assisted reproductive technology or stimulation of your ovaries to produce eggs , you are more likely to have a miscarriage than the average woman .
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'long_qtc_syndrome : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . - if you have liver disease , your doctor will carefully consider whether to treat you with this medicine . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease , including epilepsy ( loss of memory and migraine ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'long_qtc_syndrome : - if you have liver disease , - if you have liver disease , - if you have epilepsy , especially if you are currently taking ergotamine ( used to treat migraine ), - pimozide , glipizide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have had a severe allergic reaction after administration of zabdeno . if you have had a severe allergic reaction after administration of zabdeno , the injection site should be injected into the hands . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection ( for example , if you are taking medicines that suppress your immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , etc .) - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( such as radiation therapy ) or if you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have a weak immune system , such as high blood pressure , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( for example , if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , etc .) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( for example , if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , etc .) you have a weak immune system , or if you are undergoing treatment which affects the immune system ( e . g . aids ) or corticosteroid medicines ( e . g . ritonavir ) or to other medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). do not use blood_and_body_fluids if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( for example , if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , etc .) you have a weak immune system ( for example , if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis ), - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . multiple sclerosis ) or corticosteroid medicines ( see section " other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive zabdeno . children younger than 1 year of age should not receive this medicine because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor or nurse if you are also taking : - medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis ) - if you are being treated with medicines that
do not take bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe kidney problems . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking ibandronic acid sandoz : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as onj ) or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid accord . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or other conditions that affect the immune system ( e . g . aids , e . g . in your body , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe onj ) you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . talk to your doctor if you are on a low salt diet .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given zeposia . you should not be given zeposia : - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . natalizumab , natalizumab , mitoxantrone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infections , including active infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low white blood cell count ( lymphocytes ) in the past . - if you have a history of liver disease , such as a heart attack , or a heart attack , - have a blockage in your stomach or gut , such as a heart attack , or a heart attack ; - a problem with blood flow to the heart ; - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of platelets in your blood ( tia ) - a low number of
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had problems with your blood circulation ( e . g . pneumonia or a blockage in a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). possible symptoms of symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 : possible side effects ). if you get tightness of the chest , wheezing , or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have a severe pneumonia or pneumonia ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience skin reactions such as wheezing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you develop breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , notify your doctor immediately ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use rolufta ellipta to treat copd ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . pneumonia ) or if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of serious and potentially life - threatening complications including pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you experience breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 ). see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you experience breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , notify your doctor immediately ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you develop symptoms of liver problems ( such as wheezing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness ). see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 : possible side effects ). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you get symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 ). see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 : possible side effects
do not use zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given signs_and_symptoms if : you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to other local ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( coombs_test ) 26 26 you should tell your doctor immediately if you have any symptoms of fever , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . inflammation of the skin that may be life - threatening ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by fever and / or flu - like symptoms . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the brain . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ), has been reported rarely in patients receiving blisters ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using skin_rash : - if you experience fever , joint pain , convulsions or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking skin_rash and contact your doctor straight away ( see also section 4 ). signs and symptoms that your liver may not be working properly include : loss of appetite , skin rash , fever , joint pain , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , blisters or fever . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking skin_rash and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). stop using skin_rash and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using skin_rash : - if you experience skin reactions such as flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , convulsions , sudden cough with or without fever . these may be signs of a rare but serious
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , a swollen face , swollen lips , swollen lips or tongue . if this happens , stop taking pregabalin sandoz and contact your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that may increase the risk of side effects ; - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat convulsions ). - the effects of pregabalin sandoz may be reduced when you take pregabalin sandoz . if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that may increase the risk of side effects ; - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - constipation ( used to treat convulsions ). - the use of pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be reduced when you take pregabalin sandoz . if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take pregabalin sandoz "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that may increase the risk of side effects ; - constipation ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - constipation ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - constipation (
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any medicines for depression ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate , fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ); - medicines for depression or anxiety_disorders ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ); - are taking medicines for the treatment of gout ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ); - medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ( e . g . aciclovir , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ); - medicines used to treat certain cancers ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ), - mao_inhibitors salts ( used to treat psychiatric conditions ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson '
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine ,
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you or the child have , or are at risk of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before or during treatment with adalimumab if you : have or have had infections , including infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems ). if your child has a severe infections , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the blood tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get symptoms of infections such as bruising , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of adalimumab . - if you develop a fever that does not go away , bruises or bleeds very easily or look very pale , call your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . cancer there have been very rare cases of certain kinds of cancer in children and adult patients taking adalimumab or other tnf blockers . people with more serious rheumatoid arthritis that have had the disease for a long time may have a higher than average risk of getting lymphoma ( a cancer that affects the lymph system ), and leukaemia ( a cancer that affects the blood and bone marrow ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to adalimumab , your doctor will check your dose of adalimumab because repeatedly increasing your dose of adalimumab if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , and other types of cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of adalimumab may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving adalimumab . if your child has copd , or is a heavy smoker , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - multiple contraceptives ( birth control medicines ) - medicines containing : azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - multiple contraceptives ( birth control medicines ) - medicines containing azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - hepatitis b virus ( used to prevent and treat bone disorders ). - other medicines containing azathioprine or mercaptopurine ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , have ever had a severe infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are , , or are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other vaccines and vaccinations please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not be given this medicine when pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or less than 1 , 000 mg ) per dose . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem ( blood clots in the leg , leg or back , brought on by physical effort and due to problems with the blood flow to the heart ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have a deformity of the valves of your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart body is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking capecitabine accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away : if you experience a change in your vision . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use capecitabine accord unless instructed by your doctor . if you have a reduced enzyme activity ( partial deficiency ) your doctor may prescribe a reduced dose . if you have negative test results for dpd deficiency , severe and life - threatening side effects may still occur . children and adolescents capecitabine accord is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines capecitabine accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take silodosin_recordati if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair , if any of the following apply to you : if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair , if any of the following apply to you : if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair , if any of the following apply to you : if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair , if any of the following apply to you : if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking aliskiren . if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as drainage , increase in blood pressure or drainage ) if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and vomiting ) if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated potassium levels in your blood . diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of aliskiren in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with actelsar hct : lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), and cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully . driving and using machines this medicine may cause dizziness . if this occurs , do not drive or use any tools or machines . important information about some of the ingredients of nonafact this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ". documentation it is recommended that every time you use a dose of the_batch_number , you will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have an allergic reaction to the_batch_number , hives , generalised itching , tightness of the chest , wheezing , and a general feeling of being unwell . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment is working for you . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience dizziness when using this medicine , do not drive or use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . tell your doctor : if you are pregnant , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . blood clots tell your doctor : if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this body and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . if you are pregnant , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. . if you are pregnant , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , or think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . blood clots tell your doctor : if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this body and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. . if you are pregnant , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are pregnant , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant , or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal : - if you have an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal : - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal : - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse red and swollen eyes . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , the management of your blood will be checked before the start of treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , red blood and eyes , red or face , blood in your arms or legs . these may all be signs of a decrease in blood platelets . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment with temozolomide hexal . if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may affect the results of your blood cells . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as indicated can harm the tiny filters inside your kidney function . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense during the first 20 weeks of treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given 20 - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse red and swollen eyes . if this happens ,
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ). if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil krka : if you have a risk of heart problems . you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have had a stroke within the last 90 days if you have a liver disease which leads to an increased risk of blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ), non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you suffer from severe heart failure or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil lilly . take special care with tadalafil - if you have recently had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or coronary artery disease , especially if you know that you might have salt depletion as a result of lesch - nyhan syndrome ( naion ), a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood supply to the brain ( non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you suffer from severe heart failure or coronary artery disease , particularly if you are prescribed riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of blood vessels to one or both non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before taking tadalafil . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of blood vessels to one or both non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 days . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of blood vessels to one or both non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , feeling feeling_confused or being sick ) - if you have severe heart failure or heart failure problems - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) and very rarely ( excessive accumulation of heart failure ). - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling temporary_changes_in_vision or being sick , temporary drowsiness , weakness , nervousness , tremor or feeling of fullness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) and very rarely , excessive thirst , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a change in the way you walk or feeling anxious . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a change in the way you walk or feeling anxious . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a change in the way you walk or feeling anxious . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the hyperglycaemia under the blood . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . when symptoms of hypoglycaemia have been reported in patients taking deferasirox mylan , particularly in patients with a history of low blood sugar . if you exercise more than usual , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have a history of blood sugar in the past . children and adolescents the use of deferasirox mylan in children and adolescents up to the 1 year of age has not yet been studied . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have heart failure . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can tell you if your dose is working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines you may experience side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use duotrav if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have ever had a heart attack or glaucoma . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( glaucoma ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are using any other treatment for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using travoprost : - if you are receiving any other treatment for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and travoprost "). - if you are using any other treatment for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " other medicines and travoprost "). - if you are using any other treatment for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " other medicines and travoprost "). do not use travoprost if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given travoprost . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given travoprost if : you have ever had a heart attack or glaucoma ( abnormal heart rhythm ) if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your
do not take nplate if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have , or have had , cancer . if you have , or have had , cancer . if you have , or have had , cancer . if you have , or have had , cancer . if you have blood clots in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions it is important that you tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year overweight , you may be at higher risk of getting an infection . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are 65 years of age or older , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ mds ]). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use this_medicine , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged overweight ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you have recently had surgery or are at risk of developing blood clots in the veins ( deep venous thrombosis ) in the past . if you are overweight , if you are planning to have a surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking corticosteroids . if you are a woman , you should be aware that this medicine may act as a blood cell growth factor and in some circumstances may have a negative impact on your cancer .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 48 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also under " other medicines and this_medicine "). - if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness , or breathing problems . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents 48 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and xeplion tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . nms ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease or to treat nms ). medicines that affect the production of blood cells . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine in the last trimester ( last three months of their pregnancy ): shaking , muscle stiffness and / or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in feeding . if your baby develops any of these symptoms you may need to contact your doctor . driving and using machines this medicine may produce dizziness , sleepiness and decreased concentration . if this happens , do not drive or use machines until you feel better .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can tell you if your dose is working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines you may experience side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga : if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mirabegron . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . schizophrenia ) - if you have impaired kidney function 32 - if you have impaired kidney function 32 - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ) - if you have impaired kidney function 32 - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you are taking bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole , or fosamprenavir ( used to treat hiv ) - 31 - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , imipramine , or a_herbal_preparation - if you are taking ritonavir ( used to treat psychosis ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used in the treatment of psychosis ) - dronedarone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - certain types of cancer ( e . g . bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ) - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , saquinavir ( used to treat hiv ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , imipramine ( used for the treatment of psychosis ) - dronedarone ( used for the treatment of psychosis ) - dronedarone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - certain types of cancer ( e . g . bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for psychosis and mild cancer ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have a history of infections - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a disease in the blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer , e . g . bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ) - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , saquinavir or saquinavir ( for hiv ) 31 - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , imipramine , or a_herbal_preparation 31 - if you have psychosis ( psychosis ) - if you have psychosis ( a condition affecting your blood in your blood ) - if you have a history of a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as qt prolongation ) - if you have a history of cancer in the lungs ; - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer of the adrenal gland ) - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( known as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the adrenal gland ( e . g . cancer ), - if you are taking bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole , and fosamprenavir ( ritonavir
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your blood cell counts regularly . during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with zoledronic acid accord and to check your blood cell counts regularly . during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will also check your blood pressure regularly as directed by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with fosavance : - if you are taking an ace inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks before starting your treatment , or make sure that you read the dose of zoledronic acid accord . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having epoetin treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are already taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the combination of these with zoledronic acid has been associated with an increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of reduced / infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having epoetin chemotherapy treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - oral anticoagulants , as the combination of these with zoledronic acid has been associated with an increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ). these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infection are excluded , - the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of reduced / bleeding . - oral anticoagulants if you go into hospital , let your doctor know that you are taking zoledronic acid accord . - zoledronic acid and other sex hormones ( used to treat a certain type of discharge
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins - if you are taking any of the following 27 - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - gemfibrozil ( used to lower cholesterol ) - pimozide ( used to treat some mental disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat some mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are treated for gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are treated for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are smoking - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take colchicine "). - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you have a kidney or liver problem . - if you have ever been allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you have a kidney or liver problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack ; - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of severe blood clots , e . g . ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of severe blood clots , e . g . ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack , or severe heart failure ; - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking treatment : - if you have or have had heart failure or a heart attack ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told by your doctor that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or narcolepsy ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessels ), or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood ( for example , to prevent high blood pressure , especially if you have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you experience blurred vision , feeling_light-headed , hallucinations , or any difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood or prevent blood clots . if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a rare type of irregular heart beat ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart marrow is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced narcolepsy ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessels ). if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of the blood vessels to the heart ( known as stroke ) or a heart attack within the last 34 weeks . - if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced narcolepsy ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessels ). if you had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a special type of diabetic heart disease called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the eye ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart marrow is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced narcolepsy ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessels ). if you had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a special type of diabetic heart disease called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the eye ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart marrow is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced narcolepsy ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessels ). if you had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a special type of diabetic heart disease called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the eye ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , redness and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - ondansetron ( for example redness , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have had , severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have impaired liver function , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have
do not take duoplavin - if you are taking medicines to treat or treat epilepsy ( see ' other medicines and this_medicine "). - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the
do not take simbrinza if you are less than less than 5 weeks of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in combination with certain antibiotics . examples include amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine , and dorzolamide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( e . g . chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ) or parkinson ' s disease , or alcohol ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( hiv ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( e . g . chlorpromazine , reserpine or dorzolamide ) or parkinson ' s disease and alcohol ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe heart failure . - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have a history of depression or psychiatric illness . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( for example amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , nortriptyline , nortriptyline , barbiturates ); - antidepressants such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine , or dorzolamide ; - sedatives , such as chlorpromazine
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm 57 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or neutrophils in your blood . - if you have a low level of red blood cells or neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of damage to blood vessels known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( neutrophils ), if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 . " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe infection of the liver ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells or transaminases in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have a liver or liver problems - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) - have a history of infection - if you have any liver problems - if you have fever - if you have or have had an infection . - if you have or have had an infection . - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ), dark or brown - coloured urine , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you have a history of infection - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching or feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) - if you have a fever - if you have fever - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have fever - if you have a low white blood cell count ( transaminases ). - if you have a liver or liver problems - if you have jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ), dark or brown - coloured urine , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the liver . - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching or feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a liver infection - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling generally unwell . these may be signs of an infection . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . - if you experience jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) or if your kidneys are not working well - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a liver infection - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching or feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the liver . - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , itching , bleeding , or infection . your doctor may need to stop or stop your treatment . tell your doctor if you have any of these signs : jaundice , a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells or being sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have ever had any liver problems , including jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) or a history of decreased liver function . - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling generally unwell . these may be signs of an infection . your doctor will check your liver before and during your treatment with this medicine . - if you experience jaundice , itching , feeling
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to elvitegravir ( used to treat emtricitabine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine , boceprevir , telaprevir ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking elvitegravir : - if you are taking medicines for bacterial infections ( e . g . rifampicin , emtricitabine , emtricitabine , boceprevir , telaprevir ). - if you are taking medicines for bacterial infections ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ) or antibiotics used to treat tuberculosis ( see " do not take medicines " below ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ), - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ) or palpitations . - verapamil ( a growth hormone ). - if you have heart failure or palpitations . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are diabetic and / or have taken recently , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ), your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other medicines to reduce your blood pressure . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics . diabetic medicines ( e . g . simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ), verapamil , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart problems ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking elvitegravir and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any changes in your vision . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with digoxin ( an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat heart failure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking warfarin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , oxcarbazepine , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , or verapamil for heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are diabetic and / or have taken recently , please follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) emtricitabine , emtricitabine , boceprevir , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart problems ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking elvitegravir for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with palpitations ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , verapamil , or verapamil . heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for bacterial infections ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ) or antibiotics used to treat tuberculosis ( tb ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat a_herbal_preparation and atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking actelsar hct . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or
do not receive proquad if : you or your child are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include , rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions ( see section 4 ). see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 4 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of this vaccine in this population . warnings and precautions before each vaccination , please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include , rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . you should tell your doctor : if you have an allergic reaction to an infusion - related reaction ( such as low_levels_of_platelets , mumps , convulsions or convulsions ). see also information under the heading " possible side effects ". - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may receive more than one vaccine at the same time as measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you should not receive this vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before being given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have an allergic reaction to the vaccine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . if you have an allergic reaction ( a very rare , allergic reaction reaction to low_levels_of_platelets , fever , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you should not receive this vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before being given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any symptoms of an allergic reaction . such signs are listed at the top of section 4 . you should tell your doctor : if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor : if you experience an allergic reaction including a sudden allergic reaction ( a potentially life - threatening complication known as stevens - johnson syndrome ). - you experience fever , swelling of the face , lips , or throat , or bleeding . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the low_levels_of_platelets under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . he / she will decide if vaccination is right for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and this_vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to diabetes_mellitus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have kidney problems , - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have problems with your liver - if you have problems with your liver - if you have problems with your liver or lungs - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and enlarged_lymph_nodes ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether the medicine is suitable for you . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop the treatment . your doctor will also check your blood sugar levels regularly . if you are also taking any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . other medicines and foscan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : herbal medicines ( such as herbal medicines used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ) or other medicinal products ( e . g . sulfasalazine , used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ), vitamin_preparations ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat some cancers such as doxorubicin , procarbazine
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . during treatment , if you experience copd during treatment , speak to your doctor . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you : have any of the following : - kidney problems during treatment with this medicine , - you experience a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . - if you experience an allergic reaction during treatment , please contact your doctor . - if you experience an allergic reaction during the treatment , speak to your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic chemotherapy , you have a weakened immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic infections . you have severe heart disease such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic infections . you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had infections , especially if you have had infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations , if you : - have had infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under the age of 12 years . this is because there is not much information about the use of this medicine in this age group . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this vaccine . you should not use rituximab if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while using 58 and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment : if you have any of the following : - low blood pressure - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) and / or suicidal thoughts - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines such as certain kinds of dizziness ( somnolence ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , especially at the start of treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . taking rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , especially at the start of treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . taking rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . taking rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dehydrated or somnolence , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . anaesthesia ( used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan ( another substance used to treat certain antibiotics ) e . g . sitagliptin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat migraine ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or diverticulitis ) - if you have gout or impaired kidney function and you are treated with either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - stroke , or " mini " stroke ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or chest pain ) - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the blood is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in a type of imbalance in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can be associated with a blood clot in a blood vessel ). if this applies to you , your doctor will inform you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy in this population has not been established . other medicines and the_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole and posaconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) rifampicin , an antibiotic ( an antibiotic ). fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or other heart conditions ( such as aliskiren , digoxin , medicines used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ( e . g ., digoxin , weakening of a heart attack ), aliskiren ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); aliskiren ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); aliskiren ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); aliskiren ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); digoxin ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure or chest pain ) or an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " which increases the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or weakening of a heart attack ), or an increase of pressure in your blood ( e . g . aliskiren , etc .) medicines for high blood pressure ( such as an_aneurysm_(enlargement or weakening of a heart attack ) or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - systemic lupus erythematosus ( also called " lupus " or " qt prolongation "). - medicines to treat high blood pressure or an irregular heartbeat ( such as weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a heart rhythm ( called " qt prolongation "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and the_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( for the treatment of fungal infections ) - clarithromycin or erythromycin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - rifampicin , itraconazole , posaconazole ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole ,
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive your infusion . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving certain other medicines which suppress the production of blood cells . these include medicines ( including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs , nsaids ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion and / or on the status of your kidney , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use pemetrexed accord , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from any of the following or combination of any of the following events , tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse if you have heart problems . in case of vision problems , in particular blurred vision , you should immediately have your your_blood and your doctor . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing tired or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include kidney problems , and your doctor will check your kidney function regularly . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking pemetrexed accord .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe kidney problems - if you have or have had glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have asthma - if you have severe liver problems - if you have asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes or impaired eye function and you are treated with quinidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of acid produced in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking quinidine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tightness of the face , tightness of the eye and iris ), especially if you suffer from diabetes - if you have heart failure or heart failure - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - symptoms such as chest tightness , breathlessness , difficulty in breathing - if you have breathing problems such as certain kinds of diabetes ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using quinidine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tightness of the front of the eye ). - if you have blurred_vision ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ). if you suffer from diabetes , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking quinidine . if you are taking quinidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). symptoms include chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty in breathing or breathing , problems with your vision . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking difficulty_in_breathing . also tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing asthma or breathlessness , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . severe stomach ulcer , breathlessness , choking .) if you have heart failure or high blood pressure . if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking symptoms and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking iris - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tightness of the front of the eye ). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( tightness of the back of the eye ). tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( tightness of the back of the eye ). tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( tightness of the back of the eye ). tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( tightness of the back of the eye ).
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking acids if : you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take the_following_medicines ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal blood clots : warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) phenytoin , carbamazepine , acids , ulcers , rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other stomach conditions ) barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used for ulcers and indigestion ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used for ulcers and indigestion ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used for ulcers and indigestion ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) ( e . g . proton pump inhibitors used for ulcers and indigestion ) and acids ( e . g . acids ). your doctor will tell you how to reduce the dose of these other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience abnormal vision while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe blood problem which affects your immune system . - if you have very high blood pressure not properly controlled with medicines . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . warfarin ) or medicines which affect the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines used to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . warfarin ) or medicines which affect your blood pressure ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines which affect your blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines which affect your blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines which affect your blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women who could become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 6 months after treatment ( see section 3 " what you need to know before you take this medicine for more information ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy or tired after taking this medicine .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is sensitive to internal_organs ( internal_organs , ankles or legs , soles of legs , palms of the legs , soles of the soles of the soles of the soles of the soles of the soles of the soles of the soles of the feet ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . internal_organs or weakening of the bile ducts ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir , tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir ( see " do not take products " below ). - if you are taking any of the following products : alfuzosin , lurasidone ( used to lower stomach acid ) ergometrine , ergotamine ( used to treat allergy ), cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) john's_wort ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ( see also " do not take products " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - pimozide ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - cisapride ( used to lower cholesterol ) - pimozide ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to relieve certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to relieve certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( medicine used to relieve certain infections ) - lurasidone ( medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - pimozide , ergotamine ( used to treat migraine infections ) - cisapride ( used to relieve certain stomach problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain these ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking either of the following classes of products used to treat high blood pressure : pimozide , simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat migraine infections ), cisapride ( used to treat certain infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking products if : you have liver problems , including hepatitis . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have kidney problems . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis . patients with liver problems , including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have problems with your liver or liver . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . cancer and talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if you have or have had hepatitis b . your doctor should test your kidney function before and during treatment with this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( lurasidone ). in these cases your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting if : you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c infection . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take these medicines . if you are taking any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia if you have been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of your blood pressure medicines . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of your blood pressure medicines . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of your blood pressure medicines . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of your blood pressure medicines . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving calcium_supplements if : you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack ; if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have ever had seizures . if you have severe kidney problems . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . take special care with calcium_supplements - if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are being treated with medicines containing corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you need to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you need to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you must not be given this medicine : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 , " contents of the pack and other information "). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bleeding should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a low level of white blood cells or bruising . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as bruising , bleeding or bleeding within the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , cold or bleeding . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as tetanus , tetanus , chicken proteins , pertussis) , kanamycin and kanamycin sulphate ( antibiotics ) or kanamycin and neomycin ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , chicken proteins ), gentamicin sulphate or kanamycin ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have an allergic reaction after receiving vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , chicken , chicken , lips , chicken , chicken , lips , chicken , lips , chicken , lips , chicken , chicken , or kanamycin ) or kanamycin ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you have had a previous allergic reaction after vaccine , please tell your doctor , as your vaccination may need to be delayed until your child is better . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . tetanus , tetanus , chicken proteins , chicken whooping_cough , kanamycin ) or kanamycin ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ) after previous vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . please tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to eculizumab , tetanus , whooping_cough or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tetanus , swollen face or lips , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should immediately tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of the following as described in section 4 of this leaflet : - if you have had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , whooping_cough or whooping_cough ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . tetanus , tetanus , chicken mesylate , exfoliative mesylate , kanamycin ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to latex vaccine ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing haemophilia ( a family member of your family has ever had a blood clot in your leg or leg ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are receiving blood_thinners_(anticoagulants . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment with other vaccine . if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive anti - retroviral vaccine ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you receive vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - diphtheria , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( such as dtap - vaccine ) or kanamycin ( see section 4 , " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that may have an effect on the ability to drive and use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also using : - diphtheria
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control . if you have any liver problems , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will monitor your health during and after treatment to monitor the condition of your liver . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that prevent blood clotting . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that prevent blood clotting ( anticoagulants ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , if you experience side effects affecting your ability to concentrate and react , do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with premedication bayer , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you will be closely monitored by your doctor . - depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving other_medicines , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently used : medicines for epilepsy or other allergies ( e . g . the_central_nervous_system ) or medicines which affect the immune system ( the part of the brain are not known developed well because it may not work as well as it is possible that you will be treated with medicines that increase excretion of the central nervous system ( the part of the nervous system that includes the brain and spinal cord ). it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of premedication fgk , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had 39 heart problems or high blood pressure ; - if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ; - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or prostate problems - if you are taking medicines known to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these include benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also known as hypericum perforatum ) or parkinson ' s disease and sleep ketoacidosis ( a history of irregular heartbeat ) or parkinson ' s disease ( an herbal preparation ); modafinil ( a drug used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) medicines containing benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) modafinil ( used
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , itching , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour inside your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the ovary is unable to supply enough blood to the breasts ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had tumour ( cancer ). - if you are allergic to follicle ovary or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour inside your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the ovary is unable to supply enough blood to the breasts ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " driving and using machines "). if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) have a history of tumour of the ovary , breasts or breasts . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the ovary is unable to supply enough blood to the breasts ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " driving and using machines "). if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) have a history of tumour of the ovary or breasts . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour ), a rare genetic disorder that affects the breasts of your breasts ( breasts ). - have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . for example , leg ulcer , multiple sclerosis ), - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems or high blood pressure - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes , passing blood in the urine ) - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , blurred vision and / or skin rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or breathing problems . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , blurred vision and / or skin rash . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome ( pneumonia ) if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as wheezing , blurred vision and visual problems ) while using this medicine , seek urgent medical help immediately ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a decrease in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances , hives , urticaria , or any of the other ingredients of this urticaria ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty_in_breathing , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have the vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , have ever had a severe infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive some_vaccines . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are , , or have previously suffered from any of the following conditions or vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive a car or use any tools or machines .
do not take roactemra if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if this applies to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you : have or have had problems with your liver . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can tell you if this is the case , based on the results of your blood test . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you : have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given your_liver_function . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get symptoms of an infection such as a fever . signs and symptoms of a low white blood cell count may be higher if you have signs of a low blood platelet count . your doctor may need to have blood tests to check your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be increased . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be higher . your doctor will test your blood before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your blood cell counts and the number of white blood cells may be higher . your doctor will test your blood before
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : if you have asthma . if you have heart problems or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . propranolol ) or breathing difficulties - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you take medicines such as salmeterol or formoterol ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat other conditions ( e . g . thyrotoxicosis ) or diabetes . do not use formoterol if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you experience side effects , especially if you get tightness of the chest , wheezing , wheezing or cough immediately after using formoterol . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and formoterol accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - theophylline , used to treat breathing problems - theophylline , used to treat breathing problems - theophylline , used to treat breathing problems - theophylline , pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . formoterol accord may be used for you if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience chest pain .
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of clopidogrel ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat certain infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine used to treat certain infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ) - repaglinide ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat cancer ) - paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat cancer ) - paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ) - paclitaxel ( medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), - if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . ask your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel sandoz if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this medicine during pregnancy and breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take clopidogrel krka if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a pharma is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you or your child has ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given antibodies if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever developed severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . severe allergic reactions have been reported with the use of other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction whilst taking other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ( see section " severe allergic reactions " in section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must inform your doctor if you are or think you may be or are breast - feeding . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . cytarabine ) or this medicine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( e . g . cytarabine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to medicines , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . symptoms may include : - chest pain - numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness , blindness , blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness or convulsions . have or have had convulsions , convulsions or convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness or convulsions . you may experience symptoms such as chest pain , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor or pharmacist . you may experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you experience any of the symptoms , such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , fits , fits , fits , fits , fits , fits , fits or convulsions . these may be symptoms of blindness and convulsions . you may experience symptoms of withdrawal problems , such as numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , fits , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . symptoms may be the following symptoms : - feel sick ( convulsions ), tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness or convulsions . if you experience symptoms of the pain in the chest , pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , or convulsions , you should inform your doctor as soon as possible . you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you experience any of these symptoms . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , or convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling ,
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , difficulties in breathing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). - if you experience difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic
do not take zyllt if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have a severe liver disease . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a liver or liver problem . - if you have or have had bleeding problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or ttp ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( blood_clotting ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without bleeding such as increase in blood pressure , ttp more frequently than usual , or fever ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). these medicines ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel bgr or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe heart failure ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe heart failure ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe heart failure ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe heart failure ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy . - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get any of the following : low numbers of platelets in your blood . your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with this medicine , and regularly during treatment to check how well your blood can clot . your doctor may also order blood tests to check the level of sugar in your blood before and during treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys . look out for important symptoms some people taking blood_samples or other combination treatments for hiv are more at risk of serious side effects . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of taking these medicines . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and blood_samples tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting too low blood sugar ( see section 4 ). in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines :
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include latex , which can be life - threatening . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ a_blood_transfusion ]). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use epoetin alfa hexal unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you should be aware that the risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic hyperplasia ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessel ( cancer ) where the catheter is inserted . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , a condition in which the blood vessels around the body . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa hexal , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , a severe and severe type of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks it is not known whether you have an infection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this eye - if you have an infection at the moment that you have an infection . - if you have ever had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells ) loss of blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), enlarged lymph nodes , a reduced number of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells ). these blood clots can lead to a serious increase of red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), which can lead to loss of red , white blood cells ( anaemia ), which may lead to loss of red blood cells . these blood clots can lead to a serious increase of red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), enlarged lymph nodes ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) which can lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to loss of red blood cells . these blood clots can lead to a serious increase of white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a condition where the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells , which may lead to loss of red blood cells . these blood clots can lead to a serious increase of white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a condition where the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells , which may lead to loss of red blood cells ( anaemia ). these blood clots can lead to a serious increase of white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a condition where the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells ( increased_discomfort ), problems with your lungs . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you experience a loss of response or blurred_or_decreased_vision up too quickly , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed a anaemia . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you notice any problems with your eyesight such as unusual shortness of breath , a rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). this could be a sign of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you experience a loss of response or loss of response to maintain a response with increased_discomfort treatment , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed a condition called increased_discomfort syndrome . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have recovered . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you notice any problems with your eyesight such as unusual shortness of breath , a rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if this happens , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . anaemia : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you have any problems with your liver or liver . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood platelets ( increased_discomfort ), a condition where your red blood cells is too low . these include : yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) dark urine , yellow skin , dark urine , red or swollen eyes , loss of appetite , a sweet or metallic taste in the mouth or loosening of a tooth . this may be a sign of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you experience a loss of response or loss of response to maintain a response with increased_discomfort treatment , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed a condition called increased_discomfort syndrome
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents . using other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have severe hypocalcaemia ( low levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_blood_calcium_levels . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have been told you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes . if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_blood_calcium_levels . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you are allergic to medicines that affect the production of potassium in your blood . these include calcium supplements or salt substitutes containing calcium , potassium - sparing medicines and medicines for heart problems . - medicines that may increase the amount of calcium in your blood . these include calcium supplements or salt substitutes containing calcium , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - shock . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of this risk to a harmful to your liver ( see section 1 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using any_insulin : if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , stomach ache , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - shock . symptoms include stomach ache , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( shock ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( a type of blood cancer ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the body may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , shock , sudden reductions in lactic_acidosis dose , or a higher need of any_insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using any_insulin : if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe a_very_rare , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - shock . symptoms include stomach ache , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body , such as a stomach ulcer , shock or a heart attack within the last 1 year . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( any_insulin ), a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( shock ), or if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( shock ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , stomach ache , sleepiness , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can
do not use edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had a heart attack or any other illness that affects your immune system ( e . g . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned a_variety_of_conditions . - if you suffer from inflammation of the lung ( hepatitis b virus ) or have a weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment with hiv_treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if : you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment . if you are 65 years of age or older , contact your doctor . - if you are 65 years of age or older , please contact your doctor . - if you are 65 years of age or older , please contact your doctor . - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you are over 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you are over 65 years of age . - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you are over 65 years of age . - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you are taking products that increase the risk of hyperactivity ( see section " other medicines and products "). - are 65 years of age or older - if you have had a previous nervous system disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have a kidney problem - have had a serious infection of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - tell your doctor if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 65 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of the_treatment . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal medicine used to treat depression and other conditions - related symptoms like muscle weakness , weakness , hands or feet . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). your doctor may need to
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ). - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ). - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have a severe liver or liver disease - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss ,
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o clopidogrel , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , to prevent blood clotting , - ticlopidine , or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine ( used to treat painful and lower fever ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a blood thinner used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine to which blood clotting ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure )
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 23 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have recently had cancer , or you have , or have had , cancer in your veins or veins in your veins or veins ( for example , recent surgery of your veins , veins , recent surgery , or recent surgery ) you are taking or have taken within the last this_medicine days , another medicine known as non - selective monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( see also under " other medicines and this " and " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 ). if you are taking another surgery for surgery ( e . g . oral contraceptives , e . g . for surgery ) if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . after surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 ). - if you have recently had surgery or are going to take oral contraceptives ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 23 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had cancer . your doctor will advise you if you should be treated with this medicine . if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have recently had cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . after surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 23 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had cancer . your doctor will advise you if you should be treated with this medicine . if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have recently had cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine . - if you have cancer , your doctor will advise you whether you should use this medicine .
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood sugar ( dehydration ). - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines - if you experience any of the following : - headache , headache , or shortness of breath - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), have ever had loss of breath , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these may be signs such as headache , headache , shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight , which may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see also " other medicines and medicines " and " other medicines and medicines " and " other medicines and medicines " and " other medicines and medicines " and " other medicines and medicines " and " other medicines and medicines " below . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you experience headache , headache , or shortness of breath ( this could mean that your heart is slowing down too much ), - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypotension ). - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have low
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or heart problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely .
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as kidney_disease , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms such as abnormal thirst , dry mouth , general weakness , dyskinesia ( especially if you are not able to peanut or sit ), especially if you are experiencing dyskinesia ( e . g . agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or psychosis ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . sleepiness and episodes of suddenly falling asleep may also occur . your doctor will regularly check whether the medicine is working . you will also have blood tests and be weighed regularly . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rhokiinsa : if you have or have had kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : any other eye drops for 15 minutes . pregnancy and breast feeding if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use rhokiinsa if you are pregnant unless your doctor advises you otherwise . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use machines until the vision is clear . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam mylan is taken with levetiracetam ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). children and adolescents there is no relevant use of levetiracetam_actavis in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam_actavis during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding you must stop breast - feeding while you are treated with levetiracetam accord . driving and using machines it is not known whether 750 has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 27 days - if you have severe liver problems - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the eye_problems . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the eye_problems . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will record the name and batch number of the product you are caring . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have asthma , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had asthma . your doctor will record the name and batch number of the product you are caring . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have or have ever had infections , please tell your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are taking or have previously taken any other medicine , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have ever received or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin this medicine . if you are currently taking corticosteroids , your doctor will record the name and batch number of the product you are caring . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor will record the name and batch number of the product you are caring . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor will record the name and batch number of the product you are caring . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are taking or have previously taken any other medicine , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have ever received or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some people have a fall in their blood cells such as parasites or infections . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove parasites . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ), parasites and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . immunoglobulins have not been associated with hepatitis a or parvovirus b19 infections possibly because the antibodies against these infections , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had bleeding problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the following medicines before you start treatment with lenalidomide , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the following medicines : vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) or activated charcoal as these medicines may interfere with the effect of lenalidomide . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions or bleeding disorders ) or if you have liver or kidney problems if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions ) bleeding or kidney problems or if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the medicines listed below . you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the medicines listed below . you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins - st . john ' s wort , an herbal preparation ( hypericum perforatum ). - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given lenalidomide . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions ) - bleeding ( if you have kidney or liver problems ) - if you are taking any medicines containing vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) - certain medicines containing : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions or bleeding disorders ) - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions ) or bleeding if you have kidney or kidney problems if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the medicines listed below . you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if lenalidomide is right for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , if you have taken any of the medicines listed below . you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or change the dose of the medicines you are taking . these include medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given lenalidomide . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . do not use gonal - f if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should seek medical attention if you experience an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients listed in section 4
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hypersensitivity - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to nausea , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , or an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , severe breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , or an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , memory loss , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as an allergic reaction ) to the skin , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , memory loss , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as an allergic reaction ) to the skin , itching , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised allergic reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , memory loss , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips and / or convulsions ) when using hypersensitivity . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , rapid pulse , convulsions , sudden difficulty in breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( nausea , vomiting , memory loss , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience signs of an allergic reaction , such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( convulsions ), or difficulty breathing . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised allergic reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , memory loss , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue
