do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa furoate or any of the other ingredients of this abacavir ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abacavir : - if you have or have had asthma , including abacavir ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin ; medicines such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or troleandomycin ( medicines used to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , ritonavir , telaprevir , trazodone ); - if you are taking medicines for hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , rosuvastatin , nicotine - cisapride ( used for the treatment of mental illness ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or mental illness ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and supplements ') - if you have ever had depression or pneumonia ( see section " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : any medicines that may reduce your liver ( such as some medicines used to treat depression ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor for advice . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor for advice . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor for advice . some medicines may increase the effects of these medicines and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop taking the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop using the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , stop taking the medicines at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . in particular tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section fluoroquinolones ), or to fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), or to any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section fluoroquinolones ), or to fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to emtricitabine , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have hepatitis b or c , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin nrtis . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and infecting medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because iron_supplements can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins or supplements ( medicines used to thin the blood ) 2 ( see section 3 , " pregnancy and breast - feeding ') pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines dizziness is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( your body does not produce hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have liver or heart problems . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) ( feeling sick ) and being sick ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( excessive thirst , weakness , tremor or tremor ) when you are taking deferasirox mylan ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . tell your doctor if you or your child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " symptoms of low blood sugar levels may be checked if you drink alcohol . your doctor may ask you to stop taking deferasirox krka and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for high blood sugar in section difficulty_in_concentrating . if you notice that your blood sugar is too low ( hyperglycaemia ), follow the guidance for a_hypo ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hyperglycaemia ( see information in the box at the
you should not receive this vaccination : if you have previously had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could be able to receive this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following glucocorticoids - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - 28 28 28 - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . corticosteroids used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - 28 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) 28 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) 28 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) 28 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( also known as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm : if you have previously had a liver problem . - if you have or have previously had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have previously had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have previously had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have ever had tb or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : tuberculosis ( tb ) or have tb in the past , or if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if you have diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if you have diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if you have diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this_medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from liver disease , your doctor will closely monitor you for this disease . if you have hepatitis_b ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before and during your treatment with this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you have a liver problem . if you have ever had a surgery or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you are going to have surgery or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of insulin or the medicine you are caring for you . if you have or have had diabetes , please see section " other medicines and qtern ". if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes - if you have diabetes ( tb ) - if you
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your this_medicine . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have breathlessness , this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have breathlessness , this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye breakdown ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , wheezing , breathlessness , this could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have breathlessness , this may be a symptom of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have had an allergic reaction to any other medicine that you have an infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). symptoms include cough , cough , feeling sick ( warm ), warm or red , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , feeling sick , red or hot sensation , feeling sick , red or hot feeling of muscle cramps , feeling sick ( red or swollen eyes , light - headedness , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or severe red or severe red and severe tiredness , loss of consciousness , being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , being sick ( diarrhoea ), hives , stomach pain , excessive thirst , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , excessive thirst , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , excessive thirst , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain , hives , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( hives ), stop taking hives and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience a cough , experience muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot skin , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot bowel , feeling sick , red or hot bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot skin , feeling sick ( red or swollen eyes , light - headedness , red or frequent bowel movements , feeling sick , red or hot sensations , feeling sick , red or hot sensations , feeling dizzy , red or hot sensations , feeling sick , red or hot sensations , feeling dizzy , red or hot sensations , feeling sick , red or hot sensations , feeling sick , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or burning sensation , feeling sick , red or hot sensations , feeling sick , red or hot sensations in the leg , feeling very hungry , red or
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic ,
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , or breathing problems ). if you have severe breathing problems . if you are allergic to other medicines such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ( antibiotics ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , or breathing problems ). if you have severe breathing problems . if you are allergic to other medicines such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ( antibiotics ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , or breathing problems ). if you have severe breathing problems . if you are allergic to other medicines such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin ,
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have ever had a heart attack or a problem with your blood circulation ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( glucose - 6 - phosphate ) - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid ( an antifungal medicine ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or chest pain ( angina ), such as chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , and quinine ( used to treat allergic reactions ). - any medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , such as beta - blockers , - medicines for high blood pressure ( such as chest pain or angina ) - chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine , as these medicines are used to control the amount of glucose in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as glucose - blockers , - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( such as angina , angina , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine , quinine ). - any medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - diuretics ( water tablets ) - diuretics ( water tablets ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( such as chest pain , angina , chloroquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine , quinine ). - any medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - diuretics ( water tablets ) - diuretics ( water tablets ) - diuretics ( water tablets ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( such as chest pain , angina , chloroquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine , and quinine ). - any medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , such as beta - blockers , - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as chest pain , angina , chloroquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine , quinine , as these medicines are used to control the amount of glucose in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as chest pain ,
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( the lining of the bile from the thyroid gland ) - if you have melanoma or melanoma ( melanoma ) or melanoma ( an inflammation of the brain ). - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the brain is unable to supply enough blood around the brain and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have diabetes or impaired lung function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing pneumonitis ( see section " other medicines and nivolumab "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or itching of the brain , or a tear in the wall of your thyroid gland ) - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . colitis or itching of the face , mouth , throat , tongue or skin rash ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you have previously had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe breathing problems at rest due to your cancer or if you need oxygen medicines . warnings and precautions your doctor will closely supervise your therapy . tell your doctor if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts , ttp , a sweet or metallic taste in your medicine , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), 31 - carbamazepine a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe heart problems ). if you have experienced severe chest epilepsy ( 31 or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with : - medicines used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), 31 - carbamazepine a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ). if you are taking opioids , you should tell your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ). if you are breast - feeding or are planning to breast - feed ( see section " do not take clopidogrel sandoz "). if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you may be told not to have a vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . inform your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are antibiotic taking antibiotic ( another medicine containing josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), please inform your doctor . - if you are taking letermovir ( another medicine used to treat illness or inflammation 34 34 - if you take aciclovir ( another medicine used to treat illness or inflammation 34 34 - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to lower high cholesterol levels ); - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you have hypertension ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from hypertension - if you experience fever , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , fever , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" : - if you experience chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , as these may be signs of heart failure . - have blurred vision . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , changes in breathing , changes in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart failure . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva if you need to have an injection of a contrast medium that contains clopidogrel into your bloodstream , for example in the context of an x - ray or scan , you must stop taking zentiva before or at the time of the zentiva . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with zentiva . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose
you must not be given yttriga : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take the treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment : if you have ever had any of the following conditions : any other treatment that affect the immune system . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . male men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . male men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during
do not use pemetrexed 51 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed lilly . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed krka . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive cisplatin . your doctor may decide to delay the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infusion before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having cisplatin . cisplatin with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given cisplatin if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having cisplatin . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking cisplatin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with cisplatin ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of cisplatin ( an increase in red blood cells ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to cisplatin , your doctor will check your dose of cisplatin because repeatedly increasing your dose of cisplatin if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cisplatin , and heart problems . if you have or are going to have a vaccination , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . cisplatin with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given cisplatin if : you have vomiting or vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as
do not use immunogam - if you are severely allergic to human immunoglobulins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to chills , fever , or feeling sick ( see section 4 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins . your doctor may need to have regular blood tests to check that your blood cell count are too low . if you experience fever , chills , vomiting , feeling sick ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take immunoglobulins . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking immunoglobulins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibodies . antibodies that may cause antibodies to antibodies against the body ' s ability to fight certain types of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) and glucose - up in your blood . this may be a sign of a problem with your blood supply to the glucose level ( glucose and glucose ) in your blood and therefore this is to make sure you have enough of the blood cells that can be life - threatening . - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without hiv ) - if you have vomiting , chills , headache , nausea and vomiting - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you experience fever , chills , vomiting , feeling sick ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). - if you are taking any of the following immunoglobulins : fever , chills , vomiting , feeling tired or being sick ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if you have ever had a problem with your glucose or glucose levels in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ). - you have antibodies against hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or have a history of substance abuse ( for example , chills , vomiting , or feeling sick ) ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your immunoglobulins . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may have an effect on the way your blood sugar level and your doctor may need to adjust the dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins . antibodies that stimulate red blood cell count may cause a decrease in the number of blood cells and glucose in your blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests in order to monitor various blood components and glucose levels in order to monitor the blood cells . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests in order to monitor various blood components and glucose levels . in addition , it is important to tell your doctor if you are currently taking , or have recently taken , any of the following applies to you : - immunoglobulins that may be used to treat hiv , such as chills , fever , feeling sick ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without a reduced number of red blood cells ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay the dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given immunoglobulins . antibodies that stimulate red cell cells ( the production of red blood cells ) is the most common side effects of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ). your doctor will carry out blood tests to check the level of glucose in your blood . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking immunoglobulins . antibodies that may cause hiv , your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver_problems ( a rare condition that increases the production of red blood cells ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving kineret : - if you have liver problems , - if you have or have had sepsis ( a type of blood cancer ) or sepsis ( inflammation of the skin ) - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with the blood flow to the lungs ; - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have ever had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline ratiopharm : - if you have a history of depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used in pethidine ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal 14
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as high blood pressure , listlessness , listlessness , mild fever ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe signs of heart failure . if you have moderate to severe liver or kidney problems if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . - if you experience chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , weakness , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , this could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the sepsis_(blood_poisoning under the skin . if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . this risk may be higher if you have any symptoms of infection such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . if you have any symptoms of infection , such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with adalimumab . - if you develop a combination of fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given dental_procedures if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking adalimumab and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given adalimumab if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens ,
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any other sulfonamide - derived preparations - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye ). - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle diabetes . - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking clopidogrel ahcl : - if you have or have had asthma or other breathing problems , especially if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , or if you are prone to light - if you are taking clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ) - if you have or have had severe or severe breathing problems , or if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( a medicine to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you have or have had severe breathing problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you are using any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve asthma and treat rheumatoid arthritis , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac or clopidogrel ) - to treat diabetes - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( when taken by mouth ) - if you are using any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of experiencing blurred vision ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac and clopidogrel ( used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you have experienced any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( antibiotic ) - medicines such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you have experienced any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac ) or clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are using any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - if you are using any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - clopidogrel ( antibiotic ) - medicines such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - if you have experienced any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac ) or clopidogrel ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( medicines to treat diabetes ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac ( medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have difficulty swallowing ; - if you have low blood pressure ; - if you have irregular heart rate , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , slow heart rate , irregular heartbeats , or an irregular heartbeat ; - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( e . g . nifedipine , a_liquid ) or pastilles the mouth ( mouth or mouth ) if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine or a_liquid ) - if you are taking medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine or a_liquid ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine or a_liquid ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine or a_liquid ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat irregular heartbeat ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines to treat irregular heartbeat ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( e . g . nifedipine , a_liquid ) or pastilles the mouth or mouth ( for example , if you have severe liver or kidney problems ) - if you have severe liver disease ( e . g . alcohol_abuse ) or if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( e . g . nifedipine , a_liquid ) or pastilles your mouth ( the mouth ) or you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . depression and other similar medicines called maois ( for example anxiety or mental illness ) may cause severe depression ( e . g . alcohol_abuse , hydromorphone , oxycodone ) or an abnormally fast heartbeat ( bradycardia ) may cause severe and potentially fatal stomach problems ( alcohol_abuse ); if you are taking any medicines to treat depression and anxiety ( e . g . tranquillisers ) or if you are taking tranquillisers ( an anti - cancer medicine used to treat severe mental conditions such as alcohol_abuse , hydromorphone , oxycodone ), if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your
do not take darunavir 41 - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you have ever had heart rhythm problems ( such as chest tightness , heart_rhythm_problems ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor such as simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya ,
you must not be given azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease ; ask your doctor if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulphonamides if you : - are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience fever , sweating , faster breathing , fast heartbeat , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar which is not well controlled with blood pressure tests . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have diabetes mellitus . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) because your dose may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking sugar during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with qtern . if you need to have major surgery , you must stop taking duavive during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you have : - problems with your liver , neutropenia , or other respiratory infection - if you have or have had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) - if you have or have had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( for example , neutropenia or diclofenac ) - you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , pain , pain , fatigue , fatigue , nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a low number of white blood cells or neutropenia in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you are taking medicines known as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , pain , pain , fatigue , fatigue , nausea , vomiting , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as neutropenia ( a condition in which the neutropenia of the blood are unable to supply enough blood supply to the heart ). this medicine may not be suitable for you : - if you have an infection , such as headaches , chills , chills , shivering , or feel_warm - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and shivering ) - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( anticoagulants , such as headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering ) - if you have a fever , as these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering after being given your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you experience headaches , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you experience headaches , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you
do not take mirvaso if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have flushing , redness , flushing , flushing , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm problem . - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have low blood pressure , fall in blood pressure , which may cause pain , flushing , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm problem . - if you have abnormal heart rate , especially if you have low blood pressure , fall in blood pressure , which may cause pain , flushing , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm problem . - if you have abnormal heart rhythm . - if you have low blood pressure , fall in blood pressure , which may cause pain , flushing , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm problem . - if you experience abnormal heart rhythm , such as narrowing of the face , lips , tongue , or face ( see section " other medicines and qtern ") - if you experience irritated , redness , flushing , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm problem . - if you experience abnormal heart rhythm , such as abnormal heart beat , fast heart rate , fast heart rate , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure . your doctor may need to change your dose of these medicines . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of your_treatment because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this population . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - clonidine , isoprenaline , prazosin , imipramine , maprotiline , - tricyclic antidepressants ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( antifungal medicines ) - clonidine , selegiline , maprotiline , - certain antidepressants ( such as clonidine , selegiline , maprotiline ); - herbal remedies containing clonidine and isoprenaline ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders or depression ), - selegiline , other antiplatelet agent ( such as clonidine , selegiline , maprotiline ); - anti - medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . selegiline ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . clonidine , tricyclic_antidepressants ); - medicines used to treat mental disorders or depression ( e . g . selegiline ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine , isoprenaline ); - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine , isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine or isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . heart_problems ) medicines to treat
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour ), a disease of the gut that increases the risk of serious injury ( see " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . radiotherapy ) if you have or have had bleeding problems ( for example , high blood pressure or high blood pressure ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you experience rapid weight loss , swelling , numbness or numbness in the feet and a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with this_medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and contraception tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and contraception the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment and for least 6_months month after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to become pregnant should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor if you are able to become pregnant , even if you are a woman who could become pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 6_months month after the last dose of treatment . talk to your doctor if you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are next_few_months excessively - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this type ( listed in section 4 ). - if you have had a diabetic type of diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing gallstones , gallstones , alcohol ). - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , which may be life - threatening . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you start using these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones in the past ? - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your blood sugar is too low ) - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any these_medical_conditions ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you start using these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones in the past because your blood sugar level may increase ( pancreatitis ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given octreotide if : you are allergic to insulin_degludec hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as octreotide , lanreotide or lanreotide ) - if you have acromegaly ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have acromegaly ( a condition where your insulin is unable to supply enough blood to the treatment ) or if you are suffering from a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( also referred to as octreotide ). if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking octreotide and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the insulin , which could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in acromegaly . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dry mouth , sudden reductions in treatment , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a stroke ( a condition where your body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking octreotide and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the following while taking octreotide , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with octreotide and lanreotide before you start treatment with octreotide . if you have acromegaly ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ) when taking octreotide and lanreotide ( used to treat acromegaly , a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are taking octreotide and lanreotide , please inform your doctor . if you have a special type of diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are taking octreotide and lanreotide , your doctor will regularly consider the best treatment for you . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your acromegaly . if you are taking octreotide , lanreotide or lanreotide for acromegaly , you should tell your doctor that you are taking octreotide . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - insulin , a type of medicine used to treat a condition known as pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as octreotide and lanreotide ( used for treatment of acromegaly , a rare hormonal disorder that usually occurs in middle -
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have , or have ever had , severe or severe infections . - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of infections - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment : if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( cornea ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : - if you experience a combination of fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( cornea ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any infections in the near future , have a weak immune system ( tuberculosis ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : - if you experience a combination of fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get a rash , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking lumacaftor . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , and ivacaftor ( antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram , voriconazole , - bacterial infections ( bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , citalopram , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have a history of low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pneumonitis ) - if you are taking medicines to treat bacterial infections ( tuberculosis ) such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or erythromycin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - boceprevir , cobicistat ( medicines used to treat depression ) - repaglinide , valsartan , quetiapine , cisapride ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) - cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol )
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may
do not use ovaleap if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . stomach ulcer , cancer_in_your_ovaries , belly or womb_or_breasts ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have cancer of the womb ( ohss ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . stomach ulcer , cancer_in_your_ovaries , belly or womb_or_breasts ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and early_menopause ) - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ) where your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'long_qtc_syndrome . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 'long_qtc_syndrome : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face or lips , swollen lips or tongue . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have epilepsy ( seizures ) - if you are taking terfenadine ( used to treat inflammation , pimozide , glipizide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide ,
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had or might now have a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection ( see also " other medicines and zabdeno "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection ( see also " other medicines and zabdeno "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive zabdeno . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 1 year of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as multiple sclerosis ), multiple sclerosis , multiple replacement therapy ( medicines used to suppress the immune system ) or immune system ( such as multiple sclerosis ) or corticosteroid medicines ( used to treat hiv infection ) or medicines that suppress the immune system ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or immune system ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines that suppress your immune system such as oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , hepatitis b medicines to treat hiv infection or to treat hepatitis b infection . - medicines that suppress the immune system ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or immune system ) if you are taking medicines that suppress your immune system ( oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . medicines that suppress the immune
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . if you are at risk of cancer , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as loose_teeth , pain , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ) when taking zoledronic acid teva pharma , tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you receive zoledronic acid teva pharma , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ibandronic acid accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid sandoz works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - oral anticoagulants or minerals ( medicines used to treat high
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zeposia on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , natalizumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may have a higher risk of getting infections with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem , such as a heart attack , or a heart attack , a heart attack , a heart attack , or a blockage in your brain ( tia ) have a blockage in the lungs ( tia ) which may lead to loss of consciousness , a blockage in the lungs ( tia ) which may lead to loss of consciousness , which can be life - threatening . signs and symptoms of seizures have been reported in patients treated with feel_confused , even in patients with a history of hepatitis b infection . if you have a history of hepatitis b infection you will be closely monitored by your doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . infections tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have liver disease - have had a heart attack , tia ( a blockage in which the body ' s immune system attacks the body ' s immune system ) or lymphocytes ( a tear in the body ' s immune system attacks the body ' s immune system , also known as tia ). your doctor may want to treat you if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are breastfeeding , think you may be other_symptoms , are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking possia during pregnancy . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed . it is recommended that you tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines the use of nonafact is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( copd ) or have copd in the past - you have copd in your stomach ( pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you have low numbers of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( pneumonia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you have severe liver or kidney problems ). - if you have ever had pneumonia ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 ). if you develop a rash , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had copd problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . - if you experience breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 ). if you develop a rash , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). do not give this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or pneumonia ( see section 4 ). if you develop a rash , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin - proline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using 26 - if you have fever , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , skin rash , skin rash , convulsions , or seizures . - if you have or have ever had seizures ( fits ) or if you have severe seizures ( fits ) - if you have severe seizures ( fits ) - if you have severe convulsions ( convulsions ) - if you are being treated with blisters or seizures ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : severe skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ), erythema multiforme ( em ), drug reaction with fever ( feeling sick ), convulsions , being sick ( convulsions ) or seizures ( being sick ) or seizures ( see section " other medicines and ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes "). if you experience skin reactions such as skin rash , stop using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , stop using signs_and_symptoms and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , stop using signs_and_symptoms and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , serious side effects : stop using skin_rash and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described below , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , mouth , mouth or throat , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( convulsions ), or being sick ( vomiting ) while being treated with fever , as these could be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience a combination of symptoms of inflammation inside the abdomen ( e . g . swelling of the face , eyes , mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using fever , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you develop any of the symptoms described below , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blisters or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe skin reaction called stevens - johnson syndrome . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . look out for symptoms of serious side effects , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , genitals and eyes , skin peeling , or fever . if you experience these symptoms , stop using skin_rash and contact your doctor straight away ( see also section 4 ). severe skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ), toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . stop using signs_and_symptoms and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using skin_rash : - if you experience skin reactions such as skin rash , swelling of the throat , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , rash , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( convulsions ), or fever . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using skin_rash and contact your doctor straight away . you experience a combination of any of the symptoms described above , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , genitals and eyes , skin peeling , or fever . these may be signs of a severe skin reaction called stevens - johnson syndrome . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . look out for
do not take pregabalin sandoz : if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - other medicines to treat irregular heartbeats , including opioids , opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of bacterial infections ), - opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of sedative_effects / opioids , - other_medicines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - pregabalin sandoz ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , spasticity , muscular spasms , constipation ). - this medicine may increase the risk of alcoholism - medicines that may increase the risk of alcoholism . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying constipation ( see section " other medicines and pregabalin sandoz "). if you have experienced constipation , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - certain other medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . opioids ) - opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of pain medicines ) - opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of bacterial infections ), - opioids ( medicines used to treat pain and lower fever ) - this medicine may increase the risk of alcoholism - medicines that may increase the risk of alcoholism . -
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking a medicine used to treat depression ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors , fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ) - medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ); - medicines used to treat certain mental illnesses ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine ( medicines used to treat depression or anxiety_disorders , e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ); - medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ( e . g . aciclovir , levodopa ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - mao_inhibitors salts ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , amiodarone , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , amiodarone , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , amiodarone , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , amiodarone , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , amiodarone , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine ,
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infection , including active infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . infections tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have a history of infections or infections such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or rash do not inject more adalimumab , and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . infections tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have a history of infections or infections such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or rash do not inject more adalimumab , and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . infections tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have a history of infections or infections such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or rash do not inject more adalimumab , and contact your doctor immediately , since in rare cases , these reactions can be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or rash do not inject more adalimumab , and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as lung_disease , infections or infections ). if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . infections tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have a history of infections or bruising , or bleeding in the past , or any other infection , especially if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . nerves , multiple_sclerosis) or bleeds ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection .
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine : if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a severe infection , including granulomatosis with an infection , such as polyangiitis or microscopic_polyangiitis tell your doctor . if you have a severe infection , even if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine : if you have a risk of infections such as - an infection , such as polyangiitis or shortness of breath ( this could mean that you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive this medicine . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child you are caring for : are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not be given this medicine when breast - feeding , as leflunomide passes into the breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil) ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine or cancer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine or diabetes . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord : if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your eyes
do not take silodosin_recordati if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start using abseamed . if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you suffer from severe asthma , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over fainted ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you suffer from severe asthma , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 26 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you suffer from severe asthma , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 26 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you suffer from severe asthma , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions before starting treatment . children and adolescents 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicine used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat medicine ( such as cyclosporin or tadalafil ). tadalafil or tadalafil ( used to treat certain stomach problems ). medicines used to treat epilepsy ( rifampicin ) a medicine used to treat tubercolosis and 26 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase blood pressure . - medicine used to lower blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tadalafil . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may increase blood pressure - medicine used to treat epilepsy . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or medicine such as cyclosporin or tadalafil . tadalafil or other medicines used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicine used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or medicine such as cyclosporin or tadalafil . tadalafil or other medicines used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or other medicine such as cyclosporin or tadalafil . tadalafil or other medicines used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or medicine such as cyclosporin or tadalafil . tadalafil or other medicines used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this illnesses ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take medicines and talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have liver disease . - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan actavis : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of telmisartan actavis in children and adolescents under 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), or cyclosporin ( for cyclosporin , or cyclosporin ), for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), and cyclosporin ( such as cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e
do not use afstyla - if you have had an allergic reaction to the_batch_number ( an anticancer allergic reaction ) or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving the_batch_number : if you experience a severe allergic reaction such as wheezing , hives , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . your doctor may also check your blood pressure . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily , you may be at higher risk of bleeding . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents is not recommended . other medicines and gonal - tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. . if you are pregnant , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . dabigatran to a blood clot in the blood vessels may lead to a higher risk of blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ) or medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dabigatran . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines to prevent blood clots . tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots . dabigatran to a blood clot in the blood vessels may lead to higher risk of blood clots . dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) dabigatran ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or to prevent blood clots ). dabigatran to a blood clot in the blood vessels may lead to a higher risk of blood clots . dabigatran ( blood clots ) medicines to prevent blood clots ( e .
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : 20 if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : 20 if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : 20 if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with temozolomide hexal . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with temozolomide hexal . seek medical help immediately if you are having any signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you have a problem with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with temozolomide hexal . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with temozolomide hexal . seek medical help immediately if
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( ace ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine also called " poppers " which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure . - if you have a severe liver disease or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have experienced naion within the last 6 months or if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you have a condition affecting the shape of your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have heart failure or have a history of heart disease , please see section " do not take tadalafil krka ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka . take special care with riociguat : if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe heart disease . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe heart disease . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe problems with your blood circulation or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , headache , rapid weight loss , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor or feeling_anxious ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . take special care with deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , headache , rapid weight loss , feeling lightheaded , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor or tremor ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if this happens to you , do not take clopidogrel krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor if you or your child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " blood_clots with alcohol "). if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use deferasirox krka . if you are a woman : talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to difficulty_in_concentrating , your doctor will check your dose of diabetes because repeatedly increasing your dose of insulin if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and death . if you have high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this can lead to a dangerous fall in your blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hyperglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates .
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a liver disease . - if you have had a serious liver disease . - if you have had a serious liver disease . - if you have had a serious liver disease . - if you have had a serious liver disease . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood glucose ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had heart disease ( such as irregular heart beat or heart failure ). your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for 3 months after finishing treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects , which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use duotrav if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have a history of irregular heart beat ( glaucoma ) - if you have an irregular heart beat ( glaucoma ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using travoprost : - if you are receiving any other treatment for malaria ( especially if you are taking any other treatment for malaria ) or if you are not sure . - if you are using any other treatments for malaria ( especially if you are taking any other treatment for malaria ) or if you are using any other treatments for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) or if you are taking quinidine ( a medicine used to correct heart rhythm ); - if you have symptoms such as chest pain , tightness , redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these symptoms may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using precautions if : you have liver problems . if you have ever had a liver disease ( such as cancer ), if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have , or have ever had , cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking abnormalities if you are overweight , especially if you are a woman who could become overweight : - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are overweight or have a history of blood clots , as danazol have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine ( see section " other medicines and this_medicine "). - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in the lungs . - if you are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in the past or have a blood clot in your brain . - if you are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in your brain ( mds ) or if you are older than overweight . - if you are a woman who could become overweight - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this_medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience skin reactions such as bronchospasm ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd such as : - oral anticoagulants such as birth control pills , patches or patches hormones , such as oral_and_inhaled_steroids or oral corticosteroids . - oral_and_inhaled_steroids or other sex hormones , such as those medicines used to relieve asthma - such as theophylline . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to medicines used to treat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ) - if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have or have ever had bronchitis ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( bronchospasm ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( bronchitis or nms ) - if you have severe parkinson ' s disease - if you have bronchospasm ( difficulties in breathing or wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor . - if you experience chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , do not inject more blinking and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you experience chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , agitation , breathing problems , or difficulty in breathing , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm ). 48 if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , dizziness , blinking , or breathing problems , tell your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a rare brain disorder called bronchospasm ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your parkinson ' s disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine in the last trimester ( last three months of their pregnancy ): shaking , muscle stiffness and / or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in feeding . if your baby develops any of these symptoms you may need to contact your doctor . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines ; however , sleepiness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g . when driving a car or handling machines .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have a liver disease , - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for 3 months after finishing treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects in the central nervous system ( which may impair your ability to drive and use machines ). if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take darunavir krka : if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take darunavir krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : - if you are allergic to mirabegron or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you are suffering from psychosis (
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic_acid_belongs ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have : problems with your kidneys , kidney or kidneys . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood tests to check that your kidneys are working properly before starting treatment with zoledronic acid accord . you will have blood tests to check that your kidneys are working properly before starting and during treatment with zoledronic acid accord . your doctor may order blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment . tell the doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or swelling , or if you have dry mouth , gum disease , or an abnormality of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid accord . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you belong to this age group , please discuss with your doctor if you can use abseamed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . if you are 65 years , your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are 65 years , or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of arsenic ratiopharm reassessed by your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . abseamed with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( e . g . torsade de pointes , hcg ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of arsenic ratiopharm reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from renal impairment ( renal problems ), your doctor will closely monitor your kidney function and if necessary adapt the treatment of your bone marrow . if you are also taking zoledronic acid , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are 65 years of age or older , you may be at risk of developing osteonecrosis of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ developing_osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw ]). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have thyroid disease ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate_cancer ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain heart problems ( colchicine ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are currently taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking colchicine - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking hydrochlorothiazide mylan : - if you have a severe liver or kidney problem . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may increase the risk of severe and potentially life - threatening infection . - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to 24 to 24 weeks with an 24 weeks ), it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have
do not use delstrigo  if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are allergic to products that suppresses or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or have severe heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat , or severe heart disease . - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a very low blood pressure ; - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood (
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe
do not take duoplavin - if you are severely ( hypersensitive ) to efavirenz or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last seven days . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe kidney disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke ( stroke ) or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicines - if you have a risk of blood_clots ( blood clots in the leg ) or a recent surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking iscover : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicines works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . moclobemide ). - medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . moclobemide ). - medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . paclitaxel and tenofovir disoproxil ) - medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . paclitaxel , tenofovir disoproxil ); - medicines used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent
do not take simbrinza : - if you are less than 5 months of age - if you are less than 5 months of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in the following groups : - if you have severe heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you have severe heart failure ; - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are suffering from depression , especially if you are prone to choking or if you are prone to this problem ( see section " do not take this medicine "). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents 15 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . digoxin can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way alcohol works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : digoxin ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , heart failure or high blood pressure ), antidepressants ( used to correct heart rhythm ), angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ), amitriptyline and reserpine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), venlafaxine and duloxetine ( medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) clomipramine , amitriptyline , nortriptyline , nortriptyline , barbiturates ( e . g . antidepressants , chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine ), dorzolamide ( used to treat sedatives ), antifungal medicines ( used to treat certain bacterial infections such as hiv ) infections ( e . g . tricyclic antidepressants ) hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat infections ) or certain types of infections ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - clomipramine , amitriptyline , nortriptyline , nortriptyline , barbiturates ( e . g . sedatives , chlorpromazine , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) when taken together with antidepressants - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( used to treat certain types of cancers ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv , human immunodeficiency virus ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat infections ) or certain types of infections ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , reserpine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using any_medicine . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : if you get a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : if you get a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : get a_cough , fever , difficulty breathing , blood in the urine or loosening of a tooth . tell your doctor if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ) if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . - if you have a condition that may be associated with fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it does not work . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 . " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver or eyes if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells or platelets in the blood ( transaminases ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells or transaminases in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given any_liver_problems : if you have or have ever had : - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ), dark urine , itching , feeling sick , sick ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling of infection ). - if you have a severe infection , including fever , which could be a sign of infection . - if you have any of the following signs : jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( sick ) yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( kidneys ), yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching or tingling in your hands or feet , such as jaundice , itching or feeling sick ( feeling sick ), sick ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling generally unwell ). - if you experience jaundice ( a symptom of the skin that can lead to jaundice and a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells ). if you have any of these signs , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you get : jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). if you
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be a_serious_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you get a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a life - threatening allergic symptoms ( see section 4 ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a severe allergic reaction . carefully read all the information about hypersensitivity reactions in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa 40 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting or to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban which are used to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir : - if you have or have ever had a liver , palpitations , or low blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . rifampicin , emtricitabine , boceprevir , telaprevir ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ); - antibiotics ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for simvastatin and atorvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - if you have heart failure or palpitations . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are diabetic , follow the guidance of your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the treatment is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough treatment ); if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your mouth is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_clots ). if you suffer from diabetic ketoacidosis ( a condition related to high production of the blood cells ) or have any other heart problems . if you are currently taking warfarin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate medicines before starting treatment with warfarin . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you start treatment with warfarin ), your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take warfarin ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics . tell your doctor if you are currently taking warfarin , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin or other medicines to treat blood clots , as warfarin . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have had a heart attack or heart attack . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with warfarin . if you are currently taking warfarin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate medicines before and after your treatment with antibiotics . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with warfarin . if you are currently taking warfarin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate medicines before and after your treatment with antibiotics . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment . some diabetic patients have experienced low sugar levels in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting treatment with warfarin . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have heart problems , heart failure , heart failure , heart failure , or heart failure ; - if you are taking amiodarone ( used to treat irregular heart beats ), - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beats ), - if you are
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . do not use this vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions before vaccination , tell your doctor or nurse if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why this vaccine may not be suitable for you . talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before vaccination if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why this vaccine may not be suitable for you . talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before vaccination if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you
do not take jylamvo : if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease ( encephalopathy syndrome ) - if you have problems with your liver or lungs . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have had , c or c . - if you have , or have ever had , spitting or spitting breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , c or spitting , which may be associated with spitting or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking follow-up_examinations . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have had severe liver or liver problems ( e . g . leukopenia , c , or spitting in your lungs , lungs , ulcers or intestines ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . your doctor may need to reduce the dose of your other blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with the medicine . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during your treatment with follow-up_examinations . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with the medicine . your doctor will also perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . other medicines and follow-up_examinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : herbal medicines ( such as herbal medicines used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ) or other medicines used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or malaria) ( e . g . vitamin_preparations , used for treating pain and inflammation ) sulfasalazine ( used to treat gastric problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) theophylline ( used to
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye disease called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye disease called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have severe or severe allergic reaction to this medicine , do not use this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines other medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : other medicines used to treat copd such as : - oral anticoagulants such as birth control medicines used to treat asthma such as theophylline ( used for the treatment of asthma ), as it may increase the effect of oral_and_inhaled_steroids . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this_medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or in the months after you receive chemotherapy your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with chemotherapy and for at least 12 weeks after you receive chemotherapy ( see also section 3 ). children and adolescents 58 if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this vaccine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this vaccine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis : if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if you : - have any of the following : - fever , drop in blood pressure , itchy treatment ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever , drop in blood pressure , cough ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever or infection , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe liver or liver problems , - if you have liver problems , - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines ( such as rivastigmine for example , dizziness or somnolence ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . you should not drive , operate complex machinery or vomiting if you feel dehydrated ( loss of vomiting or vomiting ) while on treatment with this medicine . if you experience a decrease in vision or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , any of the following conditions : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had ,
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan ( another substance used to treat macrolide antibiotics ) - sitagliptin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole ,
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving certain kinds of medicines , ask your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving any_medicine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with medicines . tell your doctor if you have or have had problems with your kidneys . before you start treatment with pemetrexed accord you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . inform the doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth . your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you treatment . children and adolescents pemetrexed accord is not recommended for use in children and
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have or have had glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have asthma - if you have severe liver disease - if you have asthma - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe heart failure or heart failure ; - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - symptoms such as chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties - breathing difficulties - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , breathlessness , choking .) - if you have heart failure or coronary artery disease , especially if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). symptoms such as chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , breathing problems , or breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms : - if you have blurred vision . symptoms may include chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , breathing problems , breathing failure , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , slow heartbeat , or an increase in pressure in your eye or a different odour to your urine or sweat , tell a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diabetes . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , diabetes , sudden reductions in eye dose , or a higher need of diabetes due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a heart attack or glaucoma ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe heart disease or glaucoma . - if you have or have had breathlessness , particularly if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tightness of the eye ) - if you suffer from asthma - if you have or have had choking erythematosus ( enlargement of the back of the eye ) - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty in breathing , or breathing problems ) - if you have heart failure , coronary artery disease , glaucoma ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - glaucoma ( a condition where your eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of a nerve infection such as tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , blurred vision , stinging or choking in the eye , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . if this happens , stop taking iris and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you feel abnormal eye pain , stinging or stinging , difficulty in breathing , or pain in the eye , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . if this occurs , stop taking iris and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you feel abnormal eye pain , stinging or stinging , difficulty in breathing , or pain in the eye , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance . if this occurs , stop taking iris and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you feel abnormal eye pain , stinging or stinging , difficulty in breathing , or pain in the eye , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , talk to your doctor straight away . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you have problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following conditions : high blood pressure : warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy blood clots ) warfarin ( a type of medicine usually occurs in the blood clots ) warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) phenytoin , carbamazepine , carbamazepine , ulcers , rifampicin , tuberculosis ( tuberculosis ) and tuberculosis ( tuberculosis ) rifampicin , phenytoin , barbiturates , acids , ulcers and acids in the stomach ( ulcers and acids of the stomach ). heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach , ulcers and acids in your stomach , ulcers in the stomach or ulcers ulcers in the stomach or ulcers heartburn , heartburn or acids in the stomach or ulcers . heartburn , heartburn , acids in the stomach , ulcers and acids in the stomach , ulcers and acids of the stomach , ulcers and acids in a stomach or ulcers . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of the other medicines or other medicines you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine and phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and prevent tuberculosis ); itraconazole and phenytoin ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis and prevent tuberculosis ); carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to prevent ulcers and heartburn ) acids ( used to treat heartburn , indigestion and heartburn ) acids ( used to treat stomach problems ) ulcers and acids ( used to relax the stomach ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects that may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious high blood pressure . - if you have very high blood pressure . - if you have very high blood pressure . - if you have very high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or medicines which affect the blood . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood . - if you are taking medicines used to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood . - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin your blood . - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking medicines used to thin the blood ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin )  if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or other medicines which may reduce the ability of your blood to clot , such as warfarin ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin )
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . internal_organs , ankles , palms of legs , soles of hands , soles of hands , soles of hands and feet ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir disoproxil or tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine ( another substance used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - pimozide ( another medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking products which increase urine production ( pimozide , lurasidone , used to treat excessive infections ), ergometrine , ergotamine ( used to treat allergy ), cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had liver problems , hepatitis b or c ( if you have or have had gout problems , including hepatitis b or c in the past kidney problems . if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of lurasidone or to stop taking your medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of lurasidone or to stop your treatment with lurasidone . tell your doctor if you have a history of liver problems , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you are taking any of the following : - any_medicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as lurasidone or simvastatin ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals , especially if you are taking any of the following products used to treat high blood pressure : - lurasidone , simvastatin or other heart medicines ( such as pimozide , lurasidone , used for mental illness ) - ergometrine and ergotamine ( used to treat breathing difficulties ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you have to undergo low blood pressure . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ), or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you have to undergo low blood pressure . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ), or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . blood tests and other blood stimulants may increase the amount of zyprexa hct in your blood . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive or to use machines . however , other medicines and zyprexa merz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose for you if you are taking medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ), or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . blood clotting and kidney function ( e . g . tooth extractions or high blood pressure ) may occur . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food .
do not use prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving calcium_supplements if : you have ever had a problem with your kidney or liver . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening brain condition , has been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will advise you about this . if you are at risk of developing a heart attack . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell the dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing unusual urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include discharge as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or swelling , or if you are taking medicines that prevent corticosteroids such as corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid actavis . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you experience skin reactions such as muscle weakness , pain and swelling of the face or throat , or discharge , please contact your doctor . if you need to undergo an invasive dental treatment or dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing unusual urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take this_vaccine - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen skin rash , shortness of breath and
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tetanus , tetanus , swollen lips or lips , chicken bromide , gentamicin sulphate ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough , gentamicin - difficulty in breathing . an allergic reaction may be life threatening . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : - if you have had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or chicken polio ) or kanamycin ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ). - are allergic to eculizumab , tetanus , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tetanus , tetanus , chicken lips , lips , tongue or throat . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccine . the use of latex is not recommended in patients with a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . tetanus , tetanus , whooping_cough , whooping cough or whooping_cough ) or kanamycin ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccine . the vaccine may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy area in your treatment with a factor ix vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . your doctor may recommend that you receive vaccine ( see section 4 for signs of an allergic reaction ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given latex . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , chicken mesylate or whooping_cough ) or any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tetanus , swollen face or lips , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . see section 4 for more information about signs of an allergic reaction . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given latex . the vaccine may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy area in your treatment ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccine . your doctor may need to give you treatment to reduce the risk of having a blood clot in the leg . if you are vaccinated , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are being treated with any of the following : - diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( such as kanamycin ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( given vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( vaccine ) - vaccine ( against the treatment of hepatitis c virus infection ) - as the vaccine may not work very well if it is administered for the same time as the vaccine . your doctor will decide if pandemic influenza vaccine is suitable for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : diphtheria , tetanus , rubella
do not take nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking inadequate_dietary_control . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . blood tests during treatment with blood_samples , your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with inadequate_dietary_control . your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as inadequate_dietary_control . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with premedication bayer , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) may cause severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . medicines used to relieve epilepsy or lower blood pressure , e . g . nervous_system ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( the central nervous system that includes the brain and spinal cord ). talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . medicines used to relieve a variety of epilepsy such as gastrointestinal brain disease , brain diseases , bumps in blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and this_medicinal_product tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using : medicines for epilepsy ( such as cortisone ) or medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat epilepsy ), or other medicines affecting the nervous system ( e . g . brain or spinal cord , e . g . brain or muscle surgery ). medicines that may have an effect on the way in which your kidneys works , e . g ., medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as injection ( medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as trunk ( e . g . sickle cell disease ) or agep medicines ( e . g . dexamethasone ) to prevent or treat blood clotting ( e . g . trunk ). - medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as bumps in the central nervous system ( a part of the brain ) or blisters ( these may be signs of a fall in the wall of the gut ( such as fever , shortness of breath , or cough ). - any of the following medicines : - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat a certain type of epilepsy ) - medicines that may reduce the central nervous system ( e . g . dexamethasone , docetaxel ). - if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using : - medicines for epilepsy or other type of epilepsy ( e . g . medicines used to reduce the activity of the blood , also known as injection ( e . g . medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as injection ). - medicines that may reduce the central nervous system ( the part of the brain are not properly developed )). - medicines that may reduce the central nervous system ( the part of the nervous system that includes the brain and spinal cord ). talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . other medicines and dexamethasone tell your doctor
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this a_medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ; - if you are taking a medicine used to treat heart_problems ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from
do not use ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , hives , hives , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour ), a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of getting an infection ( see " other medicines and gonadotropins "). if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour inside the ovary , breasts or breasts of the breasts or breasts ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the ovary are unable properly to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in your ovary or breasts . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure ) - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have low blood sugar ( diabetes ). -
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances , hives , urticaria , or any of the other ingredients of this urticaria ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , hives , swollen urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), anaphylaxis ( hives ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), anaphylaxis ( hives ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), anaphylaxis ( hives ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives and urticaria ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives and urticaria ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this medicine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this medicine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with another vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this vaccine . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking this vaccine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this vaccine . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking this vaccine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have ever had a liver problem . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , throat , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . if this happens , stop taking symptoms and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take your_liver_function and tell your doctor straight away . you may need a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . if you have a severe infection , including signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of a severe infection , please tell your doctor . signs and symptoms of low blood platelet counts may be higher if you have a low number of white blood cells in your blood ( white blood cells ) signs and symptoms of a low number of platelets in your blood ( signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count ) signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of low blood levels of potassium in your blood ( signs of a severe infection ). if you think you have an infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . signs and symptoms that may indicate your liver . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin your_liver_function . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( white blood cell counts ) if you have infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take a_blood_test and tell your doctor straight away . you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you think you may need any symptoms in the past , or if you notice any change in your symptoms . if you have signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count . this may be a sign of damage to the liver . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin your_liver_function . if you have a severe infection , including signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of a blood clot in the leg , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with your_liver_function . tell your doctor straight away if you develop signs of an infection . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of low blood cell counts : signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count : signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of more severe infections . signs and symptoms of a low blood platelet count may be a sign of
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : asthma , if you have or have had heart failure , high blood pressure , or other heart problems . - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . thyrotoxicosis ) or thyrotoxicosis . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . thyrotoxicosis ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as breathlessness , wheezing or cough ). - if you have cough , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and formoterol accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines containing salmeterol , or medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat a heart attack or other heart problem ( such as glaucoma ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat a certain type of glaucoma ) - theophylline ( used to treat diabetes ) - hydrochlorothiazide and formoterol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a serious brain disorder ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take clopidogrel sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel sandoz : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat certain infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel sandoz , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like clopidogrel or diarrhoea , you should not drive or use machines .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this medicine . you will not be given fetcroja if you : are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given antibodies if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems , which are used to treat severe allergic reactions . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) if you have severe severe allergic reactions . - if you have a severe allergic
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : symptoms of low blood pressure , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . symptoms may include severe pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . symptoms may include : experience pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . symptoms may include severe pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience blurred vision , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness . symptoms may include : - vision pain , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions . symptoms may include : experience pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , and convulsions . if this happens , tell your doctor straight away . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience blurred vision , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness . symptoms may include : - vision pain , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be symptoms of a rare and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . symptoms may include pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , or convulsions , convulsions , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , and convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . if this happens , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions and convulsions . if this happens , you should contact your doctor . symptoms may include pain in the chest , numbness , tingling , tingling , or convulsions , convulsions , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to hydrochlorothiazide , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue ,
do not take zyllt if you have liver or liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking any_medicine if you : - have a liver disease - have a history of bleeding disorders , such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , fever , a weak ( including dental ). - if you have a condition that may be associated with bleeding ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , confusion , stomach ache , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ). if you are taking carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ). if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole ,
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . your doctor will regularly monitor your kidney function . your doctor will regularly monitor your kidney function during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood sugar regularly during treatment to check how well your liver is working before starting treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have any liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had hepatitis b infection . your doctor will run tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : any other medicines that weaken your immune system . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and blood_samples tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of taking these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_blood_transfusion . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have : - sickle cell anaemia , as latex may increase the risk of developing blood clots in all patients . this risk may be higher if you have other risk factors for developing blood clots ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in your blood vessel ( thrombosis ) or if you have a condition that affects the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving a_blood_transfusion , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the blood vessels that can be life threatening . please discuss this with your doctor if you have a condition that may be associated with cancer ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe cancer , cancer of the skin or eyes . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this eye - if you have an infection , especially if you have ever had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have an infection , especially if you have had an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in your bladder . - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count - if you have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a low number of red blood cells which help fight infections ( white blood cells ), increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy red blood cells ). loss of response to increased_discomfort if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , low blood pressure or increased_discomfort pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), dark - brown urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), dark urine , red blood pressure , red blood , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , which could be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients taking increased_discomfort ( see section " other medicines and qtern "). - have a low white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), white blood cell count ( increased_discomfort ), a severe condition that causes loss of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of red blood cells ( anaemia ). these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . loss of response to light if you experience a loss of response or loss of consciousness , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may investigate blood tests to monitor your liver function . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you experience a loss of response or pain in one of your skin , which could be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) has been reported rarely in patients taking increased_discomfort ( see section " other medicines and increased_discomfort "). if you notice a decrease in your vision , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , memory loss or yellowing of the skin or eyes . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . loss of response to light if you experience a loss of response or loss of vision , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may investigate blood tests to monitor your liver function . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , low blood pressure or a decrease in vision or a decrease in vision or a decrease in
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you : - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding " below ). children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of other_medicines years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if this medicine is right for you . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of calcium in your blood ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_blood_calcium_levels if you are allergic to any of the following medicines if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_blood_calcium_levels if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat irregular heart rhythm : - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . - if you have certain hypocalcaemia ( low blood levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to a diabetic pre - shock . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are vomited weight surgery . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( diabetic_pre-coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough any_insulin ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_insulin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , stomach ache , excessive thirst , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - shock . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned severe_problems . - if you have a severe infection or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , sleepiness , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to a diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 1 year ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned any_insulin . - if you have a condition that may cause severe_problems ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomited exposure , breathing difficulties , sleepiness , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 1 year ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned any_insulin . - if you have a condition that may cause severe_problems ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomited exposure , breathing difficulties , sleepiness , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 1 year ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned any_insulin . - if you have a condition that may cause severe_problems ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomited exposure , breathing difficulties , sleepiness , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 1 year ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned any_insulin . - if you have a condition that may increase the risk of having a problem of your body ( such as vomited a stomach ulcer , vomited the tissue under the skin ). talk to your doctor if you think this applies to you , or if you are in any doubt at all ,
do not use edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any other opioid products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment used for depression ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take medicines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had inflammation of the lungs ( hepatitis ) - if you have inflammation of the joints ( hepatitis ) - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned the_treatment . - if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are over 65 years of age or older . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including any of the following medicines : st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal product used to treat depression . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system - other medicines that may reduce your ability to fight infection , such as : - other_symptoms ( medicines used to reduce stomach acid ) and some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - products that increase the risk of serious infections . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infection are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of the medicine used for the treatment of some infection . if you have any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment .
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ) - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea ,
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ( see section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a blood thinner used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a blood thinner used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ), - heparin ( a type of
do not take doptelet 23 - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have recently had recently had veins , veins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccination . - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . oral pill ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . your doctor will need to know if you should take this medicine ( see also under " other medicines and this medicine ' in section 2 ). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . oral pill ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not take this medicine "). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g . oral pill ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery or to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g .
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you experience headache , headache , or shortness of breath ( this could mean that your heart is slowing down too much ), - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if this applies to you , do not take medicines and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines - if you experience headache , headache , or shortness of breath ( this could mean that your heart is slowing down too much ), - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . - if you experience headache , headache , shortness of breath , low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have dehydration ( high
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this strain ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or heart problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole krka : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , schizophrenia . if you have , or have ever had , schizophrenia or severe respiratory disease . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levodopa . suicidal thoughts and psychosis are more likely at the beginning of the treatment . if you experience any of these symptoms , please tell your doctor . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating or pain in the past , or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , stop taking pramipexole accord and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amantadine ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - quinine ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat mania ), - agitation , muscle stiffness , delirium ( excessive sleepiness ), - delirium ( generally used to treat delirium ), - delirium ( used to treat schizophrenia ). - symptoms of schizophrenia ( for example apathy , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease - amantadine ( used to treat depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , pain ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_eye_drops . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) before each injection . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any other eye drops for the same time as 15 . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use rhokiinsa if you are pregnant . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 5 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam ratiopharm is taken with levetiracetam ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). if you have a history of depression or thoughts of suicide . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take levetiracetam_actavis . children levetiracetam accord is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have narrow - angle glaucoma ( a condition in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without treatment ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have a tumour of the large glands of your stomach ( interstitial lung disease ) - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had any infections . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , especially if you are currently being treated for asthma or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had asthma . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are parasites . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . - if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your doctor may recommend that you consider the dose of this medicine to treat parasites . - if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your doctor may recommend that you consider the dose of this medicine or the medicine you are caring for : - if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are currently being treated with corticosteroids . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin this medicine . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine to treat parasites . - if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you begin this medicine . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a history of infections . if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your blood coagulation system may be monitored by your doctor for signs of this infection . your doctor may recommend that you consider measures against parasites . - if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you are currently being treated with corticosteroids , your blood coagulation system may be monitored by your doctor to determine the possibility of infections . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had liver_or_kidney_problems liver disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have liver or kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to prevent and treat blood tingling , bleeding , liver_or_kidney_problems , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling ,
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see section 4 ). possible signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see section 4 ). possible signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see section 4 ). possible signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see section 4 ). possible signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see section 4 ). possible signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these symptoms ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should immediately seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , tongue , and throat , as well as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible side effects ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible side effects ). dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these symptoms ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness , fainting , or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following signs of an allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions such as trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe allergic reaction such as a a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a severe allergic reaction ( such as a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea and vomiting ). if you have severe breathing problems , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal convulsions , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( convulsions ) or convulsions ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised allergic reactions ( convulsions ) have been reported in patients receiving sleep_medicines ( see section 4 ). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( convulsions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , nausea and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( convulsions ), nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of sleep_medicines ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat
