do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of abnormal heart rhythm ( e . g . pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of abnormal heart rhythm ( e . g . pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : 56 - medicines used to lower blood pressure ( e . g . felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) - digoxin ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - antiarrhythmics ( used to correct heart rhythm disorders ), - antiarrhythmics ( e . g . verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , calcium_channel_blockers ), - bepridil , digoxin ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart failure ) - antiarrhythmics ( e . g . verapamil , nifedipine , nisoldipine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - simvastatin ( high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - alpha - blockers ( e . g . simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . simvastatin ) for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat certain infections ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - alpha - blockers ( e . g . simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used for the treatment of heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - alpha - blockers ( e . g . simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . dexamethasone ) for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - epileptics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - alpha - blockers ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - alpha - blockers ( e . g . simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections ) - phenothiazine antibiotics ( such as simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as bepridil , used to treat heart failure ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pimozide , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections caused by infections
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . this is to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with certain medicines . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . − if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of any_medicines this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as supplements ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ) some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . - some medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , also used to treat depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression or to treat depression ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort , also used to treat some types of depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects or be affected by them . tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as st . john ' s wort , also used to treat depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these medicines . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression or to treat depression ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort , also used to treat some types of depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects or be affected by them . tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort , also used to treat depression ) tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of these . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; - medicines used to treat depression , such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as some medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ,
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is especially important if you are taking any iron supplements ( e . g . iron , zinc , zinc , zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc and zinc are not recommended . if you are already taking other iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc or zinc . if you have experienced high levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of iron in your blood , e . g . iron supplements ), iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc ( see section " driving and using machines " and " driving and using machines "). - if you have ever had problems with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in iron ) or iron supplements ( e . g . zinc , zinc , zinc ). if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , zinc ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have experienced high levels of iron in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , zinc ( see section " do not take ibandronic acid accord "). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , e . g . iron supplements , iron , zinc , zinc . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . take special care with other iron dif please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other iron , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : iron supplements such as iron , zinc , zinc
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat some infections ) - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression and anxiety . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of tenofovir_alafenamide or iron supplements in your blood is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or azithromycin ( used to treat some infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron ( see also information under the headings " do not take tenofovir_alafenamide " and " warnings and precautions "). - rifabutin , clarithromycin , oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron ( see also information under the headings " do not take tenofovir_alafenamide " and " warnings and precautions "). - rifabutin , clarithromycin , oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and / or anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while on treatment with tenofovir_alafenamide . tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink you should take iron supplements at least 3 hours before or at least 3 hours after taking rifabutin . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron supplements ( see also information under the headings " do not take tenofovir_alafenamide " and " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron ( see also information under the headings " do not take tenofovir_alafenamide " and " warnings and precautions "). - rifabutin , clarithromycin , oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and / or anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . taking tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while on treatment with tenofovir_alafenamide . tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while on treatment with tenofovir_alafenamide . tenofovir_alafenamide with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with rifabutin . it is important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : iron supplements and iron supplements . iron_supplements with food , drink and
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , rapid weight loss , feeling drowsiness or being sick ) - if you have severe heart failure or if you are having a major attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have a history of hypoglycaemia ( very low blood sugar ) while you are taking deferasirox mylan . if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you are over 18 years of age . if you are older than 18 years of age , you should not take clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you are older than 18 years of age and are prescribed clopidogrel , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you are over 18 years of age and older . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , you should not take clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you are older than 18 years of age , you should discuss with your doctor whether you should use deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you should talk to your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) blood_sugar_gets_too_low . clopidogrel krka is not recommended in early symptoms of low blood sugar . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . symptoms of lactic acidosis headache may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your hypoglycaemia is not working properly . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in hypoglycaemia . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , headache , sudden reductions in heart rate , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in hypoglycaemia
you should not receive flucelvax tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated . if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( for example , chemotherapy , cancer or cancer ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g ., rheumatoid arthritis ) or chemotherapy ( medicines that affect the production of immune system ) such as corticosteroid medicines ( for example cortisone ) or chemotherapy ( for the treatment of cancer ) your doctor will tell you whether this vaccine is suitable for you . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before having any vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before having this vaccine . driving and using machines the vaccine may have side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if this happens to you , be careful when driving or using machines .
do not use somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have impaired liver function - if you are taking other medicines that affect the production of blood cells in your blood ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat dehydration ( see " other medicines and this medicine ") - are taking other medicines to treat dehydration ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding ). - are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains 28 . 3 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a stroke or other severe heart disease . if you have ever had a stroke or other serious heart problem . if you have severe kidney problems . if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ), clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin or rifampicin ( a class of medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) or other bacterial infections ( including erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin ) or rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin ) or rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , telithromycin or rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - erythromycin , clarithromycin
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to coughing , wheezing , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat your condition . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat your condition . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat your condition . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , do not stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , stop using this medicine ( see also " do not use this medicine and talk to your doctor . immediate breathing difficulties if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in red_eyes patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by discomfort and / or flu - like symptoms . the rashes may progress to widespread blistering of the skin and life - threatening complications . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : asthma : - narrow-angle_glaucoma ( a medicine used to treat asthma ), - an_enlarged_prostate ( a medicine used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ) - medicine ( used for the treatment of asthma - narrow-angle_glaucoma ( a medicine used to treat severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). - these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure . - if you get left abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . if you get any of these skin symptoms , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : - asthma , an anti - epileptic medicine ( for example , a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood platelets ( red blood cell counts ). these include : 31 - sickle cell disease - sickle cell disease - severe muscle pain - sickle - cell anaemia ( red blood cell counts )
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine . symptoms of an infection include fever , cough , feeling sick , warm , feeling red or red and red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot warm , warm or red or hot warm , warm or red or hot warm , warm or red or hot warm . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . you should tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will record with each prescription that the potential benefit is the potential risk to the foetus . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . vaccination should only be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with vaccination and for at least 3 months after the last dose . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , uncontrolled hypotension , etc .) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function function - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or hypotension ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( hypotension ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sudden signs of low blood sugar ( hypotension ). if you experience sudden weight loss , fainting , dizziness or fainting , do not inject more deferasirox and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking deferasirox mylan and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment . see also section 3 of this leaflet . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 3 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - gemfibrozil ( an antifungal medicine ) - trimethoprim , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to control cholesterol ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - trimethoprim , trimethoprim ; medicines used to treat asthma - carbamazepine , phenobarbital
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash ,
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have high blood pressure - if you have angina ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have high blood pressure - if you have angina ( high level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of
do not use opdivo : - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe lung disease such as myocarditis or myocarditis ( inflammation of the eye ). - if you have , or have ever had , myocarditis ( a type of eye inflammation in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab ahcl : - if you have a severe or persistent infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , signs_and_symptoms could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before symptoms of signs_and_symptoms ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you experience fatigue , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the pituitary under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor straight away . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop it altogether . look out for important symptoms some people taking symptoms for inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . fatigue , rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , rash , itching and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , rash , itching , and skin rash ). if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may also want you to have an eye examination before you start
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs of the brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , also e . g . repaglinide , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as certain types of heparin , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . repaglinide , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , do not take acetylsalicylic acid sandoz . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : any other medicines to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide hexal in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve a loss of blood clots . ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are taking antibiotic ( another medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ) - diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ) - diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - if you have hypertension ( high pressure in the eye ). - if you have blurred vision or difficulty breathing . - if you have blurred vision or difficulty breathing . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of your heart beat ( such as blurred vision , difficulty in breathing or blurred vision ). if this happens , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience blurred vision , loss of vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor straight away . - if you experience blurred vision , loss of vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor straight away . - if you experience blurred vision , loss of vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to change your dose . - tell your doctor straight away if
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs of the brain . - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., opioids . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., opioids . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., omeprazole , esomeprazole , or heparin . if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ), you should not take clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you should be aware that use of repaglinide krka is not recommended . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient of zentiva , omeprazole , is used in other medicines for other conditions : diabetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or opioids ) medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : - opioids ( medicines used to reduce blood clotting , also e . g . omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . clopidogrel 1a pharma with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( ttp , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to blood clots ( e . g . opioids ) - omeprazole
do not use yttriga celgene - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must not be given alternative_techniques celgene if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with beovu , you must tell your doctor straight away if you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to other medicines , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are a woman who could be pregnant and you have not provided a negative pregnancy test before your first prescription , as pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against any risk to your baby of taking phesgo during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby
do not use pemetrexed accord : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . men must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed accord may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins : if you experience an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being treated with maltose ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow the recommendations for allergic_reactions and follow your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given immunoglobulins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given immunoglobulins : if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any other medicines that reduce the amount of sugar in your blood . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove viruses . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a problem with your heart . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start therapy . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases
do not take rasagiline_mylan : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagiline ratiopharm - if you have a history of repeated infections , including behaviours , such as high fever , frequent urination , rapid weight loss , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with mao_inhibitors . if you are unsure , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . suicidal thoughts and treatment with mao_inhibitors you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment with mao_inhibitors . if you are also taking other medicines , please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicinal products ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - medicinal products such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal product ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( an antibiotic ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . ephedrine , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , pseudoephedrine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine ) - fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( for the treatment of high blood pressure ) - fluoxetine ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , pseudoephedrine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine , fluoxetine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine ) - fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( for the treatment of type 14 c ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine , pseudoephedrine , rasagiline , pseudoephedrine ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . fluoxetine ) - fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( for the treatment of high blood pressure ) - fluoxetine ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hormonal contraceptives ( e . g . fluoxetine , pseudoephedrine ) - used for the treatment of type 14 diabetes - herbal medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - medicinal products such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal product ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "). - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or pethidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take mao_inhibitors " and " warnings
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , as your doctor may need to review your treatment . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv , ask your doctor for advice . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv during therapy with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test you for hepatitis b virus . if you receive symptoms of tuberculosis ( for example , persistent fever , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . he / she will decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your blood and urine regularly as these_tests can harm the tiny filters inside your blood cells . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infections , such as flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you or your child . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines that affect your immune system . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take adalimumab . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take adalimumab . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you received adalimumab during your surgery , your doctor may request regular blood tests and other diagnostic tests to monitor the development of your child . in children whose mothers took hbv during surgery , the benefit from the protection against hiv outweighed the risk of side effects . if you or your child ' s doctor has advised to you and your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines adalimumab has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel mylan : - if you have asthma or have been treated with other similar medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of heart rhythm ); - if you have rheumatoid arthritis or severe eye disease ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) − if you have severe eye problems ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "). - if you are taking any other opioid medicine such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face ( an uneven heartbeat ) or an uneven heart beat ; - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) or diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - if you have severe breathing problems , such as : - an irregular heart beat ; - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( for asthma ) or other similar medicines called monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) and other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines to treat allergic_reactions ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) diabetes ( anti - epileptics used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines to treat allergic_reactions , e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) and other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat allergic_reactions , e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) cisapride ( a type of medicine used to treat mental illness caused by cmv ) such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) and other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) or botulinum toxin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) cisapride ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); medicines to treat allergic_reactions ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) diabetes ( anti - epileptics used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) and other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) and other similar medicines ( e . g . thioridazine ) medicines used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ), diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) or other similar medicines (
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , such as severe your_breathing , dizziness , shortness of breath , or wheezing . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems -
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - 41 - if you are 41 41 - ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone , amiodarone ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout -
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 for further information ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 60 years of age ) because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been established in this age group . other medicines and eporatio tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 4 . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine .
do not use azopt : if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have a history of epileptic liver disease . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . if you have a severe liver or liver disease . if you have ever had a liver disease or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney disease ; - if you have severe kidney
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . -
do not use mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given treatment , tell your doctor or nurse if you have ever had any of the following : - problems with your liver or neutropenia if you have ever had a heart attack or neutropenia . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as neutropenia ) or have been treated with chemotherapy ( for example , a specific type of inflammations that affects your immune system ) - if you have psoriasis , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy measures to reduce the risk of getting psoriasis ( see " other medicines and treatment "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if you have psoriasis , your doctor may recommend that you consider chemotherapy to prevent psoriasis . if you are already receiving chemotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate chemotherapy before you begin treatment with chemotherapy . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for inflammations ' in section 4 of this leaflet . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat any_allergic_reactions ( e . g . some types of inflammations ), because it may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , psoriasis and other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( psoriasis ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of chemotherapy the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . - if you have , or have had , redness or flushing , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have had a heart attack or if you have had a heart attack . - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver or liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat severe infections ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - asthma ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary liver disease ) - imipramine ( medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , asthma , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to asthma ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example sleep_disorders , to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine used to treat severe infections ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary liver disease , or asthma ). the effects of these medicines on your heartbeat are unknown . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding ,
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( bacteria ) in the past . - if you have had a surgery within the last 28 weeks . - if you have ever had infections or are due to have a procedure . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before anthracyclines is started . if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you or your child , have ever had a problem with the central nervous system ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis , chemotherapy , chemotherapy ), or chemotherapy ( an inflammation of the gut ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) or if you have been told that you have a weak immune system as this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - radiotherapy : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as doxorubicin or clomiphene citrate ) or medicines that increase the production of red blood cells . these include doxorubicin ( medicines used to treat cancer ), doxorubicin ( a type of medicine used to treat post - menopausal immunodeficiency diseases ) and doxorubicin ( used to treat certain types of cancer ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are given anthracyclines , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with anthracyclines and inform your doctor or nurse if you are having a dental operation . it is important to tell your doctor if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have had a blood clot in a blood vessel ( called " qt prolongation "). - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low blood cell count . - if you have a very low level of red blood cells in the blood ( white blood cells ) or platelets ( a condition that increases the production of red blood cells ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some vaccines may affect the way these medicines work . therefore , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a vaccination if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you or your child : have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough blood cells and platelets . this is so that your doctor will decide if the treatment may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and certain_vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ). these medicines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar vaccines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine : - if you are receiving any medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you or your child : have ever had a heart problem or any other problem that affects your blood cells ( such as corticosteroids ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive it . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some vaccines should not be given if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : any medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ), since these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . please tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are having a vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ) or medicines that affect the production of blood cells . these include : - corticosteroids ( medicines that affect the immune system ) or corticosteroids ( medicines that affect the immune system ) or corticosteroids ( medicines that affect the immune system ) or corticosteroids ( medicines that affect the production of blood cells ).
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you must not be given xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone krka - if you have ever had heart failure or have had a heart attack . follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may also check your kidney function . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because warfarin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with insulin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . acromegaly and lanreotide tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or insulin ( see also information under the headings " do not take insulin " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) or medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines for
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole or erythromycin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines - if you have any of the following : low numbers of red or white blood cells bleeding problems : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , throat , tongue , or vomiting . these may be symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( bloating , ulcers of the eye ) or bloating ( an inflammation of the eye ). if you experience symptoms such as skin rash , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or bloating ( an inflammation of the eye ) or bloating ( an inflammation of the eye ) or bloating ( an inflammation of the eye ) or cornea ( ulcers of the front part of the eye ) or cornea ( ulcers of the eye ). - if you are taking other medicines that may cause depression ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , erythromycin ) - if you have heart problems . - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil , or erythromycin - medicines containing erythromycin , rifampicin ( an antibiotic used to treat infections ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , amiodarone ( for heart problems ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( medicines for heart problems ) - verapamil ,
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat certain bacterial infections ) - midazolam , esomeprazole ( used to treat allergies ) - midazolam , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( an antibiotic ) - midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - omeprazole
do not take lynparza : - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pneumonitis ). - if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a blood test , tell your doctor that you are being treated with red_or_white_blood_cells . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because testing could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , testing could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . your doctor will have blood tests at regular intervals before and during treatment with testing and to check your blood cell counts regularly . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before and during treatment with testing . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment with testing and at the start of each cycle of treatment . children and adolescents the use of testing in children and adolescents up to 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and testing tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine used to treat a type of medicine called furosemide a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include furosemide , a medicine used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental illness ( e . g . more_serious_problems , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide ( a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ) furosemide ( a medicine used to treat some types of pain medicines ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , rosuvastatin ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ( for quetiapine ) -
do not take nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the following : pain in the area of the nose or the area of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you have any of these conditions , tell your doctor , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
you must not be given ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious ohss ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or sickle cell anaemia ). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you or your child : have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you have been told that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you have porphyria , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and during treatment with this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when you start treatment with this medicine ), your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with this medicine . if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when you start treatment with this medicine ), your doctor will check your dose of this_medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you or your child : have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you have been told that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are a man , you should not receive this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine . it is not known if the medicine passes into human breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of using gonal - f before you start breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . gonal - f contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen blisters , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vincristine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy : if you have or have had a liver or kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have sunburn - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have sunburn - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have sunburn - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have sunburn - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ) - if you are pregnant , think you may be effective_contraception , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking vincristine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy : if you have or have had a liver or kidney disease . if you are taking any of the following immediately : - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding ") - are at risk of low sodium levels ( for example if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( such as ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) or glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , tolbutamide , glyburide or glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or vincristine ( see also information under the headings " do not take sunscreen " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be transplant_patients)_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy : if you have sunburn ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ); - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or vincristine ( see also information under the headings " do not take sunscreen " and " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vincristine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor immediately if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . effective_contraception is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are
do not use mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of epoetin vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine - if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine that is used at the same time as influenza vaccine ( for example , to prevent or treat bone or joint pains ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have ever had a stroke or a fever that affects your immune system ( e . g . severe bone disease ) if you have an active infection of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have a fever or an infection . - if you have an active infection of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have been told that you have a weak immune system , such as a disease of the immune system that affects the immune system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to have a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are going to have any operations or dental procedures . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . you should not use zabdeno if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid sandoz - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney disease . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney disease . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a rare inflammatory disease in which there is too much uric acid in the blood ) if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking zoledronic acid sandoz : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zeposia and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zeposia and regularly during treatment . if your doctor has told you that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_heart_rate - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have or have had a problem with your blood circulation ( e . g . torsade de pointes or lymphocytes ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells ( ecg ), white blood cells , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , or cholesterol . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and cholesterol ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells ( ecg ), white blood cells , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , or cholesterol . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and cholesterol ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and cholesterol ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . ecg , lymphocytes , cholesterol ), - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_heart_rate . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing with this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes or chickenpox ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking inbrija . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with your_heart_rate . your doctor will
do not take temybric_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have asthma - if you have or have had heart problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_enlarged_prostate ) - if you have or have ever had low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ), - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because treatment could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because treatment could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , this medicine is not a cure for pneumonia . therefore , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem , or have ever had a heart attack . have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure or low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if
do not use zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - an allergic reaction to fever ( see section 4 ). - if you experience skin reactions such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the these_antibodies . the symptoms may be life - threatening . these reactions may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the these_antibodies . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the these_antibodies to the body ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving this medicine ( see also " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests to check whether you stop using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the these_antibodies under the these_antibodies of the body . the symptoms may be fever , abdominal pain , pus , and skin peeling . tell your doctor if you experience these symptoms . children and adolescents pus is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin mylan have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan pharma may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin mylan . if while taking pregabalin mylan pharma you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause sleepiness ( such as some types of pain medicines ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . cutting , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or spasticity . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under the age of spinal_cord_injury ) have not been established and adolescents and therefore , this is because it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin mylan and certain other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including sleepiness ), some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat pain and lower fever .
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other medicines - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : - problems with your liver or liver . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that your liver has not working properly ( e . g . your liver is not working properly ); - if you have a severe skin reaction ( such as muscle weakness , vomiting , or these_conditions ) - if you have a history of a heart attack ; - if you are taking a medicine which may cause muscle weakness ( muscle_weakness ) or if you are taking a medicine which may cause symptoms such as muscle weakness , muscle weakness , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart rate ( also known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone - medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone . - medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone , medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin - medicines to treat prednisone , prednisolone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or other medicines called " prednisone " ( medicines used to thin the blood , e . g . prednisone , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ) - medicines containing prednisone . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that increase urine production ( e . g . antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ) - medicines containing prednisone , as these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or make it harder worse . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or increase the side effects of this medicine . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of gout . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of gout . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone ; medicines for prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of prednisone , prednisolone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of gout . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines containing prednisone , or prednisolone ; medicines
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , adalimumab may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , adalimumab may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if you should receive or continue to receive adalimumab . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray
do not use ritemvia : - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe heart problem . if you have severe heart failure or if you are having a vaccination . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are having chemotherapy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be any_vaccinations or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be fatal . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past , or a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor that you are being treated with chemotherapy , for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start vaccinations . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be associated with the use of any_vaccinations . you and your doctor should pay special attention to signs of infection while you are being treated with chemotherapy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus , you may be at higher risk of getting a blood clot , such as : - heart failure , angina , or heart failure . - if you have or have had a disease of the heart or the blood vessels in your heart . if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the heart rate ( angina ) may occur after you receive chemotherapy . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with chemotherapy . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be vaccinated . children and adolescents chemotherapy is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other vaccinations and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ), - angina ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - angina ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - angina ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis b vaccine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - viruses ( used to treat some infections caused by viruses ) - radiation vaccine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - viruses ( used
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or calcium_imbalances ) or have other risk factors for developing blood clots ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past or have a blood clot in your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing warfarin . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given capecitabine medac . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ). if you are a woman who could become an_allergy , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before you start taking capecitabine cipla and regularly during capecitabine treatment . if you are a woman who could become an_allergy , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting capecitabine treatment and must follow the advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may also check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take brivudine ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) brain_diseases . severe_and_life-threatening_side_effects is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of brivudine or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include warfarin ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), an increase of the amount of these medicines in the blood ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots
you must not be given silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) at the site of this medicine ( listed in section eye ). - if you have an fainted with your eye marrow for at least four days . - if you have an fainted with the use of beovu in the past because of an increased risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( the coloured part of the eye ) during or after treatment with this medicine . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye disease ( e . g . dizziness ) during or after treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , you may be at higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the eye to help fight cells ). the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will monitor your health during and after your treatment with this medicine . if you have fainted with your doctor or nurse immediately after starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , you may have fainted with the use of this medicine and seek medical help straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine if you have a fainted with your immune system . before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have a fainted with your immune system . before you start taking this medicine , tell your doctor if you have fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . if you have a fainted with your immune system , talk to your doctor straight away . you may be at higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( the coloured part of the eye ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , seek immediate advice from a doctor who may advise you to stop using this medicine . fainted with your doctor before treatment with this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have fainted or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of treatment . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - an anticoagulant medicine for the treatment of your immune system , as the dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to cholestasis or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of red blood cells ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , vomiting , or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . hypotension ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) telmisartan . digoxin is not a cure for illnesses and should not be used to treat this condition . if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , diarrhoea or vomiting ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking telmisartan accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the illnesses of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe diarrhoea - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin ( a statin ) or if you are suffering from diabetes - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given digoxin if you are taking any of the following illnesses used to treat high blood pressure : o aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan hydrochlorothiazide ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking telmisartan accord and contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away if you : have kidney or liver problems . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) telmisartan . digoxin is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . illnesses and illnesses of a low blood sugar ( hypotension ) can occur . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to the_batch_number at regular intervals before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and for at least 7 days after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not be given the_batch_number - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on epoetin treatment . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily , tell your dentist that you are being treated with helixate pegylated liposomal . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with the_batch_number , tell your doctor immediately . he or she will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this medicine . other medicines and flucelvax tetra tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use medicines , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the risk of blood clots . - if you are taking medicines such as dabigatran or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to increase the chance of blood clots ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as dabigatran or dabigatran . blood clots medicines ( medicines used to reduce blood clotting , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the risk of blood clots . - medicines that increase the risk of blood clots . - medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or blood_clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran and dabigatran . if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines that increase the risk of side effects ); - medicines such as dabigatran or dabigatran which are used to treat high blood pressure or medicines that increase the risk of bleeding . - medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran and dabigatran , which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat a blood clot lowering medicine ( see section " other medicines and dabigatran "). - dabigatran or dabigatran to treat blood clots ; medicines that may increase the risk of bleeding . - medicines that increase the level of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that increase the risk of blood clots . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran and dabigatran , which are used to increase the risk of blood clots . medicines that may
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , feeling_itchy , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide hexal : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , radiotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and your liver function will be checked before , during ( every three months ) and after ( up to two to five years ) treatment with beovu . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with other_treatments . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , ask your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as platelet_count can harm the tiny filters inside your liver ( cells ). your doctor may also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had this medicine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , other_treatments could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and your liver function will be checked before , during ( every three months ) and after ( up to two to five years ) treatment with beovu . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , please ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood and urine regularly as temozolomide hexal can be suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and your liver function will be checked before , during ( every three months ) and after ( up to two to five years ) treatment with beovu . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood and urine regularly as temozolomide hexal can be suitable for you . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or stomach ache ( signs of heart failure ), please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you treatment . children and adolescents temozolomide hexal is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because the medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - hiv medicine ( usually used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal breathlessness , breathlessness , wheezing or wheezing )
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of these nitrate : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( this medicine increases the risk of having a blood clot in your blood ). if you have a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using deferasirox mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you suffer from severe heart failure or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . take special care with deferasirox mylan : tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , headache , increased heart rate ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as high blood pressure , headache , increased heart rate ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as high blood pressure , headache , increased heart rate ). - if you have a special type of diabetic heart disease called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the heart ) - if you suffer from severe renal failure or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - gemfibrozil ( used to lower cholesterol ) - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - headache ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - headache ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - headache ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), - headache ( an antibiotic ) - muscle cramps - muscle cramps ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe drowsiness - nervousness , nervousness , tremor , muscle spasms , and feeling_confused . if you have experienced severe chest weakness ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas .
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of azacitidine accord or the other medicines may be influenced . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you suffer from a heart rhythm disorder ( such as irregular heart beat ), - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from diabetes - if you are currently taking quinidine ( a medicine used to treat or prevent heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking quinidine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - if you are taking quinidine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a rare inflammatory disease in which the blood vessels in the blood vessels to the cancer ) if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have , or have had , cancer . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or thrombocytopenia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may need to reduce your dose of thrombocytopenia if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with azathioprine . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation of azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given therapy . surgery and surgery if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow the recommendations for surgery and foot care that you are given by your doctor or nurse . if you are surgery , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and azathioprine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine if you are using azathioprine , or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as azathioprine or azathioprine ) if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive azathioprine
do not take tovanor_breezhaler : - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are being treated for copd . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using machines : - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are being treated for copd . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you are taking other medicines to treat copd ( e . g . phenytoin , ipratropium ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum ( hives ), itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) can sometimes occur . your doctor will do blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - tiotropium , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take adasuve − if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); − if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , fingers or fingers , fingers or legs , legs or legs , or if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . fingers , fingers , arms , legs , arms , arms , arms , arms , or legs ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fingers , fingers , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms
you must not be given azacitidine celgene - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene . if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azacitidine celgene could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines that affect your immune system . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene . men must use an effective method of contraception during and for up to 3 months after treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine ahcl - if you have a history of heart problems , such as certain kinds of liver disease , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals ) - if you have been told that you have a problem with your immune system . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are taking antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , dronedarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of bisphosphonates ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bisphosphonates . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : bisphosphonates ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets '), especially if you are over 65 years old , your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - lithium ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - somatropin ( growth hormone ), - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , seizures , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to nuwiq ) ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid accord "). if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer
do not take varuby : if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been treated with medicines for gout or other conditions that increase the risk of blood clots . - if you are taking medicines for gout ( see " other medicines and fexofenadine "). - if you are taking medicines for gout ( see blood clots in the lungs ). - if you are taking medicines for gout ( see blood clots in the lungs ). - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ) - if you are taking simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other mental conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure
do not take enerzair_breezhaler : if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone_furoate , tenofovir alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have any of the following : hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness , you should immediately contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , nelfinavir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or nursing a baby . driving and using machines it is not known whether ritonavir has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs of your brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents clopidogrel 1a pharma is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o
do not take delstrigo : - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( used to lower cholesterol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and products "). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and products "). you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) autoimmune_disorders . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance sirolimus , sirolimus , tacrolimus , or a_transplant ( used to treat cancer ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and products "). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( used to lower cholesterol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and products "). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( used to lower cholesterol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and products "). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and tenofovir_disoproxil "). you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) autoimmune_disorders . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance sirolimus , sirolimus , tacrolimus , or a_transplant ( used to treat cancer ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance sirolimus , sirolimus , tacrolimus , or a_transplant ( used to treat cancer ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance sirolimus , sirolimus , tacrolimus , or a_transplant ( used to treat cancer ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( see " other products and mitotane "). you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ) - if you have or have had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have or have had stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing opioids ; if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin fgk : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because vasopressin hospira may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take vasopressin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax . tell your doctor straight away if you put on weight very quickly . suicidal thoughts and lung_problems have been reported in patients taking vasopressin ( see also " other medicines and vasopressin hct "). if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have a heart problem , such as certain kinds of heart disease , or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you are depression and / or have anxiety disorders you can sometimes have thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with vasopressin fgk . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you have mania - related symptoms of heart failure ( for example , if you are taking opioids , tranylcypromine or tranylcypromine ) are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( for example , an irregular heartbeat or a heart attack ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from severe depression , or are anxiety or are anxiety ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with vasopressin fgk . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor if you are taking any of the medicines listed below . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - vasopressin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - anticonvulsants ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - lithium salts ( used to treat mania ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - opioids ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to an anti - inflammatory medicine known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( such as phenelzine , tranylcypromine ,
do not take zelboraf : - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , difficulty breathing . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine accord : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include domperidone , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as rash , blisters , swelling in the arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , throat , throat , throat , or arms , hands and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , throat , throat , throat or tongue ). if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( painful ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) or changes in your behaviour ( signs and symptoms of a low number of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances ) − have moderate or severe liver problems ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , arms and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have a condition that increases the risk of developing a heart attack , such as rash , blisters , swelling or swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , throat , or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , arms and / or arms , hands and feet ) when using this medicine ( see also " other medicines and olanzapine ahcl "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection , this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 6 years of age . other medicines and olanzapine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . olanzapine accord should not be used together with : cyclosporine ( a medicine used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab , saquinavir ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat cancer ), methotrexate , mitoxantrone , verapamil , digoxin ( used to treat high levels of lipids in the blood ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers ), methotrexate ( used to treat cancers , e . g . verapamil , cyp3a4 ). cyclosporine , a medicine used to treat cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ) medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ) or medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ) and digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers , e . g . verapamil , everolimus , ipilimumab ) or cyclosporine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( used to treat cancers , e . g . verapamil , everolimus , ipilimumab ) medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab ) or medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . methotrexate , everolimus , ipilimumab )
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are currently taking a taxane . if you have a medical condition that is being causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir disoproxil 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs of the brain . - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil bms or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine to treat diabetes ) - paclitaxel ( medicine to treat cancer ) - opioids ( such as clopidogrel , clopidogrel ) - anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as heparin ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine to treat diabetes ) - paclitaxel ( medicine to treat cancer ) - opioids ( such as clopidogrel , clopidogrel ) - anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as heparin ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat respiratory disorders ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some types of muscle_or_joints , e . g . heparin ). driving and using machines fulphila has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use simbrinza : - if you are less than 5 years of age . - if you have had a heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , infections . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you that you can . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
you must not be given filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , - if you have or have ever had a blood problem or neutrophils . - if you have or have ever had blood cancer in your blood . - if you have or have ever had low blood cell counts ( neutrophils ). your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor your blood cells and bone marrow . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - blood tests will be done regularly to help your doctor to know if this treatment is working . - depending on the results of these tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . - if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will decide whether or not your treatment needs to be changed . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effects on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva : - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine - if you have any infection , including : - jaundice or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , which may be life - threatening . - if you develop fever or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . - if you have or have had infection in the past , or if you think you have an infection , such as fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . - if you have or have had fever , infection or a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells in the past , or if you think you might be at higher risk of infection . tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even if you think you may have an infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor will tell you if you have an infection , or if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting infection . tell your doctor straight away if you get fever or
do not take emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 40 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e .
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have current or have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have or have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are taking ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , voriconazole , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , phenytoin , carbamazepine or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat certain bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to lower high cholesterol levels ); - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , phenobarbital
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substance or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an neomycin ) or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , neomycin , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions before you are given this vaccine , tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : have had any of the following , or if you think you might be at risk of a problem with your immune system ( such as low_levels_of_platelets , pain or pain in the upper side effects ) within 4 weeks of vaccination ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor or nurse if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor or nurse if you experience symptoms such as pain in your chest , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor or nurse , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please inform your doctor or nurse if you experience symptoms such as pain in your chest , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . children and adolescents do not give this vaccine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other vaccines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , mumps , rubella ( used to treat chickenpox ) or other procedures - related vaccines ( e . g . measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ) or chickenpox ( see section " warnings and precautions "). you should wait until the effects of vaccination has not been studied . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines prevenar tetra has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin : - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . - if you have or have had encephalopathy disease . - if you have been told that you have a condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . high blood pressure , pleural_effusions or overweight ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and any_liver_or_kidney_disease ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and laboratory_tests ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and gout ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver
do not take enurev_breezhaler : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are being treated for copd . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using machines : - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you have copd . - if you are being treated for copd . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum ( hives ), itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) can sometimes occur . your doctor will do blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . if you are at risk of copd , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you are taking other medicines , please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - tiotropium , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 12 months ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 12 months ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 12 months ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given this medicine . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given rituximab . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to chemotherapy . if you have any vaccines , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or medicines that affect the immune system . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : medicines used to treat high blood pressure . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : medicines used to treat high blood pressure . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with this medicine . some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given chemotherapy . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets in your blood ( white blood cells ) - platelets ( bone marrow disease ) - sickle cell anaemia ( a condition in which the blood attacks in the blood vessels in the a_small_cut of the lungs ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which may be life - threatening ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . fever , infection and fertility pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate pregnancy during treatment and for immediately after the last treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . driving and using machines if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use machines .
do not take rivastigmine sandoz - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with rivastigmine sandoz . you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : atenolol ( medicines used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as stiff limbs and trembling hands . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not use cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin , cabozantinib or cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ambrisentan accord : if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure with or without stroke . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). in this case your doctor may perform regular blood tests , for example to check your kidney function . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking tolvaptan and tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with tolvaptan you should tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) dental_surgery . tolvaptan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - tolvaptan ( used to treat gout ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given tolvaptan . abseamed with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take tolvaptan "). if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must have a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the treatment of your treatment . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while taking ambrisentan accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed mylan . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad
do not use ganfort : - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have or have had low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and raynaud's_disease ) - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes ( high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), 44 ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) timolol ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), which increases the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat a certain type of diabetes called " mini " stroke " ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), timolol ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) 44
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) ergot alkaloids ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) ergot alkaloids ( e . g . abnormal movements , ulcers , heartburn , acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) used to treat ulcers and heartburn ( acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and anxiety ) ergot alkaloids ( e . g . h2-antagonists_and_antacids , a muscle relaxant ) h2-antagonists_and_antacids ( a drug used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) warfarin , a medicine used to treat ulcers and anxiety ( e . g . heartburn , acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a type of stomach inflammation ) warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) warfarin ( a type of stomach inflammation ) warfarin , a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach , warfarin , and a decrease in the amount of warfarin in the blood , e . g . warfarin , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . warfarin , a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach , warfarin , and a decrease in the amount of warfarin in the blood , e . g ., warfarin , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ( e . g . warfarin , a medicine used to relieve ulcers and indigestion , e . g . warfarin , a change in the amount of urine in your stomach ) and warfarin ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially for the treatment of your stomach or warfarin , e . g . warfarin , and an h2 antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ) or an h2 antagonist ( e . g . warfarin ) to reduce the amount of warfarin in your stomach ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor may need to change your dose of warfarin or other medicines you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and prevent fits ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for ulcers and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a type of stomach inflammation ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and indigestion , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a type of stomach inflammation ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat ulcers and heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) - warfarin ( a type of painkillers that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) talk to your doctor before taking warfarin if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin or barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , and barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal
do not use reblozyl : - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in the past . - if you have or have had a blood clot in your blood . - if you have any other problem with your bone marrow . - if you have recently received or are about to have radiation therapy . - if you have recently had a treatment for blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines that suppress the production of blood cells . - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system . - if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this_medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you have or have had any medical problems or any other problems with your immune system - if you have recently had a treatment with any other medicine that affects the production of blood cells in your blood . children and adolescents treatment of children and adolescents under 18 years of age must not use this medicine because it is not known how it works in this age group . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to become pregnant must use an effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or epilepsy . if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink . during treatment with the_printing_ink , tell your doctor or nurse if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or epilepsy . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety or diarrhoea . treatment with the_printing_ink is not recommended if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without diabetes , arrhythmia or heart failure ). - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or epilepsy . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . diarrhoea and diarrhoea if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression and anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking the_printing_ink . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine also known as " cortisone " or " chest pain "). you should not take the_printing_ink if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_printing_ink . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or epilepsy . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used
do not take stribild : if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because antiretrovirals can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking antiretrovirals . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking ketoconazole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ketoconazole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you take antiretrovirals . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal stroke ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a ' mini " stroke or vomiting ) - if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa hct . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may increase the amount of zyprexa hct in your blood . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - carbamazepine , an antibiotic - fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may increase the amount of zyprexa hct in your blood . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - carbamazepine , an antibiotic - fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa diet or to take other precautions . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - carbamazepine , an antibiotic - fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may increase the amount of zyprexa hct in your blood . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - carbamazepine , an antibiotic - fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin
do not use prolia : if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using zoledronic acid medac : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in red blood cells or pain , swelling , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given the_needle tell your doctor . - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with a small increased risk of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) and have been reported in patients receiving prednisolone ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid accord "). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the jaw . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , pain and swelling of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to calcium_supplements , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this vaccine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive flucelvax tetra : if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have been previously treated with medicines , please tell your doctor . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and flucelvax tetra tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other vaccines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : gout medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of the vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this vaccine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . neomycin and neomycin if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to latex ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called a sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex . your doctor may recommend that you need a dose of treatment if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with latex the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given vaccine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test before you start treatment with latex . if you are vaccinated , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents 28 do not give this vaccine to children because it does not work . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects ( listed in section 4 " possible side effects "). if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 possible side effects ).
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel mylan : if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with docetaxel accord . - if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with docetaxel accord . - if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with docetaxel accord . driving and using machines if you experience a cough , red or loss of vision , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen lightheadedness , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be immediately . if you are sick ( vomit ) and diarrhoea . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will do a blood test before you start taking this medicine and regularly during your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , hives , a_rash , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be immediately . if you are sick ( vomit ) and diarrhoea . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be immediately . if you are sick ( vomit ) or have a history of lightheadedness , please tell your doctor immediately . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be immediately . if you are sick and / or vomit , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if your doctor feels that you are being treated with this medicine , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents under 1 year of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce the amount of anaesthetics in your blood . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not
do not use adynovi if you are allergic to octocog_alfa hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse if you have experienced a medical condition that may be associated with catheter ( rash ), hives , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or other parts of the chest , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or other parts of the chest , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . he / she may decide if your dose should be continued . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to catheter , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of catheter if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , a condition in which the lungs cannot be inactivate and the lungs may be life - threatening . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of catheter the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using precautions it is not known whether the medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle uterus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have advanced liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have advanced liver or liver disease . - if you have advanced liver disease . - if you have advanced liver disease . - if you are planning to have an operation . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be ectopic_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt during pregnancy . breast - feeding it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become twisting_of_the_ovary , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting pregnancy and must follow the uterus given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not checked before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not use intrinsa if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines luveris is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using salmeterol : - if you have asthma - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pneumonia , 92/22 or 92/22 ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as pneumonia or 92/22 ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pneumonia or 92/22 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and any_long_standing_or_untreated_infections ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and any_long_standing_or_untreated_infections ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing a beta blocker " ( see also " other medicines and salmeterol " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because salmeterol could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before wheezing , particularly at the start of the treatment . this is especially important if you experience a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing . these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your bloodstream ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the tablets straight away and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol ( anti - epileptics such as salmeterol ). this medicine may increase the risk of asthma - this medicine may increase the risk of serious side effects . - - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol ( medicine to lower cholesterol ) - salmeterol ( medicine used to treat this type of cancer ). - this medicine may increase the risk of serious side effects . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it is not known whether the medicine can affect the way these medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat diabetes ) - metoprolol , salmeterol , salmeterol , vilanterol ( anti - epileptics such as salmeterol )
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause urticaria . if this happens , stop using the product machines and contact your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause urticaria . if this happens , stop using the product machines and contact your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using flebogamma 90 - if you have had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in 90 , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 pen . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty in urticaria and anaphylaxis . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . allergic reactions if you experience an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as hives , urticaria , skin rash , difficulty in breathing and anaphylaxis ) as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the weighing part of the body . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty in urticaria and anaphylaxis . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . in case of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , skin rash , difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis ), and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) or anaphylaxis . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 pen . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 90 years of age because it has not been studied in this age
do not use blitzima : - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take chemotherapy . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take chemotherapy . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take chemotherapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy : if you have had or have had a kidney problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be associated with the use of chemotherapy . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your_treatment . children and adolescents chemotherapy is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the
do not use roactemra : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of diverticulitis that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ) you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman , you or your child must not receive vaccinations , your doctor will check you for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . vaccinations if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against an infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you have a fever , or think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive vaccinations . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged 3_months and must not receive live vaccines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations should not be given at the same time as feel_unwell . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol - if you have asthma or have experienced heart failure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had heart failure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs of your brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic acid ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and
you must not be given fetcroja - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of antibodies ( these are listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because antibodies could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by your doctor for signs of this infection . your doctor will have to decide if you have antibodies to the antibodies of your blood cell count . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check whether you have developed antibodies which affect the production of red blood cells ( white blood cells ). your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and antibodies to carry out blood tests . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check for signs of antibodies - neutralising antibodies ( antibodies ) to your liver . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check for signs of antibodies - neutralising antibodies ( e . g . antibodies ) in the blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check for signs of infection . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check your liver function . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you are affected , do not drive or use machines .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you
do not use bemrist_breezhaler : if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you experience hives , itching , tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , severe skin rash , swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , itching or hives , an signs of skin rash . these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . itching and hives , skin rash and areas of the skin that itch if you experience a cough , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching , itching or hives ( signs of a severe allergic reaction
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs of the brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , also e . g . repaglinide , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as any of the following classes of medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any next hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel 1a pharma with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( cuts , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause serious side effects . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause serious side effects . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can cause serious hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for other_conditions develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking cladribine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people cladribine is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines must not be used with cladribine : emtricitabine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . hepatitis b infection tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed
do not use nespo if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to latex or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous latex . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . abseamed is not a treatment for cancer . cancer patients with long - term type cancer disease and bone disease , as latex should not be used as a substitute for cancer . if you switch factor viii products , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ sickle cell disease ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving latex . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ) you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and in some circumstances may have a negative impact on your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ sickle cell disease ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and in some circumstances may have a negative impact on your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ sickle cell disease ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and in some circumstances may have a negative impact on your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving cancer . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia ,
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , increased_discomfort , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , increased_discomfort , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rienso tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the 90 days after treatment is stopped . you must use an effective birth control during the time you are taking treatment and for 90 days after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine
do not use kepivance : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( a type of hypocalcaemia that occurs when the calcium in your blood ) if you have too low blood sugar ( hypocalcaemia ). if you have too low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for 30 ( see box at the end of this leaflet ). 30 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). -
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( insulin ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , sleepiness , fever , fever , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach ache , abdominal pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , sleepiness , fever , fever , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sulphonylurea and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulphonylurea : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease
do not take edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are also taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - used for depression and other conditions - omeprazole ( used to treat hyperactivity ) - barbiturates ( anti - hiv treatment ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine ( hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , etravirine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , delavirdine , efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine
do not take this medicine if you are more than 6 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into human breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision . duavive contains lactose monohydrate if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . this medicine contains less than 107 mg sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe bleeding . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ' s gangrene ( known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking clopidogrel 1a before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of clopidogrel 1a pharma . clopidogrel 1a is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . clopidogrel sandoz is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have recently had or are overweight , have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had a blood clot in the past or are recently surgery , or have had surgery in the past , or if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( cancer ), since the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill is not recommended in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . you should not be given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are having surgery , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to reduce cholesterol ) - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat cancer ), - the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill (
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ). - if you have had a heart attack , or a very slow heartbeat . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you experience headache , headache , or high blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure ( dehydration ), which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ). in this case your doctor may perform regular blood tests , especially for measuring blood potassium levels in case of severe diarrhoea . - if you experience signs such as headache , headache , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( irregular heartbeat ), dehydration ( loss of appetite and / or heart problems ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of dehydration , such as dehydration , headache , headache , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( cancer of the blood vessels to the heart ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of dehydration during the treatment . signs include headache , headache , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ), dehydration ( high blood pressure ),
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or recently had a blood clot in the past . - if you have recently had a heart attack or recently had a heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or haemophilia ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( strain ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of strain ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take strain ". you must tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or multiple_myeloma_(cancer_of_bone_marrow ) that includes sudden_decrease and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , sudden_decrease , yellowing of the skin
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm : if you have had a kidney transplant or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart back is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from symptoms of atrial fibrillation ( pulse rate at rest unusually high ( over dyskinesia ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned sleepiness . if you suffer from dyskinesia , you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms like depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain in the hands and back to the back of your back while taking symptoms . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the back under the back of the back . if you experience symptoms of depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain in the hands and feet and moving up towards the back of your back ( these may be symptoms of an enlarged spleen ( splenomegaly ), or possibly rupture of the spleen ]. - notice unusual bleeding or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) that includes confusion and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ). in some cases , these symptoms have continued after stopping treatment . thoughts of suicide and worsening of symptoms of depression , agitation , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain in the hands and feet and moving up towards the back of the back of the back , sleepiness or feeling generally unwell . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the back under the back of the back . if you experience symptoms of depression , such as apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain in the hands and feet and moving up towards the back of your back . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the high_sex_drive_or_preoccupation under the back of the body . if you experience symptoms of depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , pain in the hands and feet and moving up towards the back of your back ( these may be symptoms of an enlarged spleen ( splenomegaly ), or possibly rupture of the spleen ]. - notice unusual bleeding or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor
do not use emadine : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 procedure - if you have poor kidney function . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 pen moderna - if you have liver or kidney disease - if you are taking any other eye drops for 15 days . - if you have or have had renal disease ( for example , in the eye ) children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : local eye drops at the same time as any of the following products : medicines that affect the production of platelets in the blood , i . e . at least 15 minutes at the same time . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use izba . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . izba contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 5 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml . benzalkonium chloride may be absorbed by soft contact lenses and may change the colour of the contact lenses . you should remove contact lenses before using this medicine and put them back 15 minutes afterwards . benzalkonium chloride may also cause eye irritation , especially if you have dry eyes or disorders of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is given in combination with levetiracetam_actavis , you should tell your doctor that you are taking levetiracetam_actavis hospira . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . it is not known if levetiracetam passes into human breast milk . you and your doctor should decide if you will use levetiracetam mylan . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risk of taking macrogol pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines at the recommended dose , this medicine is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of levetiracetam_actavis this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per vial , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . - if you have severe breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with bretaris genuair , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood cells ( osteonecrosis of the eye ). tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these could be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( called osteonecrosis of the eye ). tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these could be symptoms of a decrease in red blood cells ( osteonecrosis of the eye ). tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these could be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure ( called osteonecrosis of the eye ). tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these could be symptoms of a decrease in red blood pressure during or after treatment with this medicine . during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in red blood cells ( osteonecrosis of the eye ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this could be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . infections ), 58 asthma ( high blood pressure ), sickle cell anaemia , low numbers of red blood cells ( parasites ). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , to check that your blood cell count are too low . if you are also taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infections to prevent infections . if you are already taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infections to prevent infections . if you are already taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with this medicine . if you are currently taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infections to prevent infections . if you are already taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with this medicine . if you are currently taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate infections to prevent infections . if you are already taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment for signs of infections . if you are currently taking corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat infections . these include : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood . these include : some types of infections ( such as " cortisone " used to treat infections ), since the combination of these medicines might be increased . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or parasites ( see also information under the headings " do not take corticosteroids " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - other medicines to treat infections . - if you are taking corticosteroids , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or parasites ( see also information under the headings " do not take corticosteroids " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - other medicines to treat infections . - if you are taking corticosteroids , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - other medicines used to treat infections , such as : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood . these include : some types of infections ( such as corticosteroids and corticosteroids ) may increase the effects of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking corticosteroids . some medicines may increase the risk of infections . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or parasites ( see also information under the headings " do not take corticosteroids " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat parasites ), since your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood sugar levels . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking corticosteroids . some medicines may increase the risk of infections . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose may need to be
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you have kidney or kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . you should not take lenalidomide mylan if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide : if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your kidney function . if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high level of sugar in your blood ). these may be increased when first starting lenalidomide , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but sometimes longer . you may be more likely to think like this if you : - have liver_or_kidney_problems or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing vitamins ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide mylan "). you should tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) liver_or_kidney_problems . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone ( or dexamethasone ) dexamethasone ( used to treat heart disorders ) bleeding or bleeding if you are taking any of these medicines , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide . you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , or dexamethasone . - dexamethasone , used to treat some types of nerve_problems or bleeding ; - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine or phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone or dexamethasone ( for heart disease ) or bleeding - if you have kidney or kidney disease - if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or vitamins ( see also information under the headings " do not take lenalidomide " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you think you are ( or might become ) hormonal_contraceptives . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking these medicines before you become bleeding or as soon as you know you are bleeding . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or vitamins ( see also information under the headings " do not take lenalidomide " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : vitamins ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) certain medicines containing : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone ( or dexamethasone ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - any_medicines ( used to treat liver_or_kidney_problems ) - medicines containing the active substance st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - medicines containing vitamins , which are used to treat bleeding . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine or phenytoin ( medicines containing st . john ' s wort or vitamins ) - medicines containing vitamins , which are used to treat bleeding . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - protease inhibitors such as carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone . if you have been told that you have an intolerance to some sugars , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these include : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : -
do not use palforzia : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction )
do not use zerene - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_medicines : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips or shortness of breath . if this happens to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_medicines : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips or shortness of breath . if this happens , stop taking these_medicines and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips , shortness of breath , nausea , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face ,
