do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin , or medicine for the treatment of hiv infection - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , telithromycin , troleandomycin ) - another medicine containing lopinavir/ritonavir ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - are taking ritonavir , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine for hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a combination medicine to treat infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or to treat infections ) - lopinavir / lopinavir/ritonavir ( medicine to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - sildenafil , ergot_derivatives , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) - sildenafil , ergot_derivatives , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - astemizole , phenytoin , methylergonovine ( used to treat certain types of infections ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - sildenafil , ergot_derivatives , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - astemizole , phenytoin , methylergonovine ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or colchicine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain infections ) - colchicine ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure or pulmonary arterial hypertension ). - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to lower the amount of cholesterol in the blood ; - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone , used to treat some infections - hepatitis b infection - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil for erectile dysfunction - colchicine - used to treat certain infections . - if you are taking cisapride ( used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( used to treat kidney problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ) - repaglinide , used to treat certain heart conditions - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to treat abnormal heart beat - repaglinide , used to treat high blood pressure - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart problems - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to lower the amount of cholesterol in the blood ; - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone , used to treat some infections - hepatitis b infection - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil for erectile dysfunction - colchicine - used to treat heart failure - heart_failure , used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ; - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone , used to treat some infections - hepatitis b infection - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil for erectile dysfunction - colchicine - used to treat heart failure - heart_failure , used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat heart conditions - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat heart failure - repaglinide , used to treat kidney problems - repaglinide , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ; - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , methylergonovine to treat migraine - dexamethasone ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( for erectile dysfunction or high blood pressure in
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read carefully and follow the instructions of the patient brochure and reminder card given to you by your doctor . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether treatment passes into breast milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while on treatment with 4 . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines cellcept has a moderate influence on your ability to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is particularly important if you are taking any of the following iron supplements : - if you are taking a diuretic containing iron , zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones such as fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), and fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who are able to develop allergic_reactions or allergic_reactions to the group of fluoroquinolones ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics called " fluoroquinolones " such as zinc , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones . allergic_reactions , another antibiotics for allergic_reactions , has been reported in some antibiotics and / or allergic_reactions . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , allergic_reactions , allergic_reactions and allergic_reactions . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - a medicine containing iron , zinc , zinc , 50 fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , for example . driving and using machines spedra has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines .
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals if you have ever had liver problems , including c , or if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as c ) or antiretrovirals . you have ever had a heart attack or you have hepatitis b . if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking antiretrovirals unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . also talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , vitamins could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking antiretrovirals . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for pass_on_hiv . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine for hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin used to treat some bacterial infections including infections . rifabutin , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . antacids , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to treat hiv infection and aids ( see also section " do not take rifabutin "). emtricitabine , emtricitabine and magnesium ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - rifampicin ( used to treat some infections caused by depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), - iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( for hiv infection ) - rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - john's_wort ( used to treat hiv infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - antacids ( e . g . aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron ), - iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ( for hiv infection ) or for the other infections as it may increase your risk of infection ( see section " warnings and precautions "). emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - lamivudine , emtricitabine ( to treat hiv_infection , your doctor may need to adjust the dose of iron , e . g . lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv_infection and treat infections . this is an antibiotic used to treat hiv infection and aids ( such as st . john ' s wort , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) antacids ( such as aluminium , magnesium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine ) to treat hiv infection and aids ( see section " do not take rifabutin " and " warnings and precautions "). emtricitabine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - lamivudine , emtricitabine ( to
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have recently had a severe severe allergic reaction to gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure . ace-inhibitors ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). ace - inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( such as '
do not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with abseamed . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine if you or your child has a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without infection ) with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with any_needle_injection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the_vaccine the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . chemotherapy can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with
do not use somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking glucocorticoids . - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g ., acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g ., acetylsalicylic acid or thyroid_disease ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or to treat other infections ). - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . theophylline ) or to treat inflammation ( e . g ., theophylline ) or to treat inflammation ( see section 2 , pregnancy and breast - feeding ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems . children and adolescents 28 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : anticoagulant medicines ( used to treat inflammation ) or inflammation ( see section 2 , " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . nuwiq contains sodium this medicine contains up to 28 mg sodium per dose . this should be taken into consideration if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not use afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib accord - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have tuberculosis . - if you have or have had cough ( an infection of the liver ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given imatinib teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given imatinib accord . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with imatinib accord . you will have blood tests before you start treatment , and during your treatment with imatinib accord , to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with imatinib teva . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of depression ( such as cough , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) during or after your treatment with imatinib accord . you will have blood tests during treatment to check your blood cell counts regularly . during treatment with imatinib teva , your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during your treatment with your_treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_treatment . this is so that your doctor can decide if your treatment is working for you . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with a_different_medicine . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection ( listed in section 4 ). blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with a_different_medicine . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests in order to monitor kidney function . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for depression , such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with imatinib accord . your doctor will check your kidney function before and during treatment . your doctor will check your kidney function before and during treatment . your doctor will check your kidney function once a week . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or monitor your kidney function . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with a_different_medicine . blood tests during treatment your doctor will carry out blood tests in order to monitor kidney function . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with anti - epileptics . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during your treatment with a_different_medicine . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests in order to monitor kidney function . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with anti - epileptics . tell your doctor straight
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma ; 31 - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to breakdown ). the use of this medicine in people with asthma is not recommended . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough tiotropium ). the use of this medicine in people with asthma is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . 31 , it is important to talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have ever had epilepsy or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had severe allergic reaction to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). talk to your doctor if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough tiotropium ). the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . sycrest can also affect how some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g ., propranolol ) or to treat an irregular heartbeat ( e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with these medicines , you should see your doctor . these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines : medicines which increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include medicines such as : 31 , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an irregular heartbeat ( e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of these medicines by increasing the amount of these medicines in the blood . these medicines include : 31 , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an irregular heart beat ( e . g . tiotropium , an_eye_problem ) or indacaterol ( these medicines increase the risk of side effects of these medicines ). these medicines include : - medicines called " beta blockers used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an irregular heartbeat ( e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of these medicines by increasing the amount of these medicines in the blood . these medicines include : 31 , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g ., tiotropium , used to treat an irregular heart beat ) tiotropium and indacaterol ( used for the treatment of some gout problems ). these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of these medicines by increasing the amount of these medicines in the blood . 31 , 31 , methylxanthine , steroids . these medicines should not be
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine if you : 36 - have an infection , including fever , cough , or low fever , rapid breathing , cough , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , shortness of breath , warm , or red or worsening chest pain . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting your vaccination . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . your child might get infections more easily while he / she is receiving this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , warm , warm , warm , warm , red or painful infections ), if you have an infection or if you develop an infection , contact your doctor . your child might get infections more easily while you are being treated with this medicine . if your child has an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having vaccination . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other medicines . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not be given certain types of vaccines while using this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 30 days , - if you have low blood pressure or hypotension more low - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hra : - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen or heparin ) or st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine or phenytoin - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen and ibuprofen . - herbal remedies containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hra : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine or phenytoin - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen and ibuprofen . - herbal remedies containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hra : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding ( such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( such as st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding or prevent bleeding such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine or phenytoin - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as ibuprofen and ibuprofen . - herbal remedies containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox hra : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen ) - medicines to prevent bleeding ( such as ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( such as st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ), ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given thorinane : - if you have had an allergic reaction to heparin , swallowing , breathing problems , or swelling of the face , face , throat or tongue . - if you are allergic to heparin or other benzazepine derivatives such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( chronic cough ). - if you are taking another type of medicine called your_heart_rhythm ( for example , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have or have had a kidney problem , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or he / she may decide to give you a different medicine to help prevent anaemia . - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) in your blood ( glucose - platelet count ) have been told by a doctor that you have been told you have a history of sensitivity to sunlight , or if you have been told that your cancer does not work properly ( e . g . your vagina or methaemoglobinaemia ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you feel numbness , blinking , or sensation or a burning sensation in your arms or legs , or a change in your colour or a colour in your mouth or a leg . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . if you feel numbness , blinking or sensation , or have a sensation of the mouth or throat , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any new or unusual numbness , a burning sensation , or a change in the colour of your mouth , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . these may be signs of a breakdown of red blood cells caused by the breakdown of red blood cells . your doctor or nurse will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . if you notice any of these events , contact your doctor immediately . if you feel numbness , wear nose , wear nose , or if your energy or a change in the colour of your skin , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any new or unusual numbness , a burning sensation , or a change in the colour of your mouth , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any change in them , or a change in the colour of your skin , please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any change in them , or a change in your vision , your doctor may decide to give you a different medicine . if you have a bone marrow problem , your doctor may recommend that you need a lower dose . if you have a bone marrow transplant , your doctor will decide whether or not you should continue to use this medicine . if you feel numbness , blinking , or sensation in a place immediately , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have a
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have ever had a heart attack , or an irregular heartbeat - if you have , or have ever had , problems with your liver ; - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas , eyes , mouth , jaw , shoulder and shoulder ) - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( myositis ). - if you have inflammation of the lung ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you feel feeling tired or drowsy , feel weak,_depressed , or if you feel unwell , particularly if you feel unwell , particularly if you feel irritable , feeling drowsy , drowsy
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression , - omeprazole , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , -
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking another type of medicine called non - selective mao inhibitors ( e . g . erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , rifampicin , letermovir , saquinavir ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / ritonavir or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir , or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir , or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir , or ritonavir . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , or the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir , imatinib , used to treat hepatitis c infection - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ or illness - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking schisandra_sphenanthera - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , boceprevir , saquinavir or rifampicin ( these are letermovir used to treat hepatitis c ) - hcv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , boceprevir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . hiv protease inhibitors e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . hiv protease inhibitors e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid , used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ or illness - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat . do not take schisandra_sphenanthera if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking schisandra_sphenanthera - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , rifampicin , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat . - imatinib , imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system ) - telaprevir ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir and the combination ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without dasabuvir ), used to treat hepatitis c - nilotinib and imatinib ( used to treat certain cancers ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to suppress the immune system to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . hiv protease inhibitors e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or heart_attack ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and severe_chest_pain , this disease is not meant to the same time . if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example , leg ulcer , heart attack , heart attack , or heart failure ), or if you are taking repaglinide in combination with a sulphonylurea . if you have a special risk of heart disease called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the eye ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing repaglinide , you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or heart_attack ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and severe_chest_pain , e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of clopidogrel apotex . it is especially important to mention the following : clopidogrel 1a pharma with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel zentiva may be taken with or without a meal . use clopidogrel with food and drink clopidogrel apotex may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , fever , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking
do not use yttriga : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to allergic ( used to prevent pregnant or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not use pemetrexed 51 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord : - if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . you must not be given immunogam - if you are allergic to human fibrinogen or insulin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have antibodies against antibodies ( seen in your blood ) - if you have antibodies against antibodies ( iga ) in your blood . this may be a sign of glucose - up in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) since your blood may not be recommended ), antibodies ( e . g . in immunoglobulins ) since your blood may not be recommended ), antibodies ( e . g . those undergoing a chemotherapy or insulin ) are at risk of developing serious infections of the jaw ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , and human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be life - threatening . - if you are a newly - diagnosed patient ( glioblastoma multiforme ) you may be receiving medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hepatitis c - you have been told you have hepatitis b infection , you may have a higher risk of being treated with medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection and hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of immunoglobulins from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . if you are in doubt , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product .
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( high production of red blood cells ) - if you have liver_problems ( high production of red blood cells ). - if you have sepsis ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have liver_problems ( very low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have or have ever had a liver , heart or heart problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , patients who have had tuberculosis tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease or other medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease or other medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or behaviours ) or other nmda - blockers ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( an antibiotic ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also ' other medicines and mao_inhibitors "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( mao ) inhibitors . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also ' other medicines and mao_inhibitors "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the treatment of depression ) or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) - pethidine ( used for the treatment of depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are being treated for depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . those st . john ' s wort or pethidine ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the treatment of depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort (
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood glucose ), sepsis_(blood_poisoning , or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of infections , such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms of infections , such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had or has had it . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or to any other sulfonamide - derived other_nsaids - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and throat , lips and / or tongue ) when taking other_nsaids ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for skin or nasal swelling ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( if you have diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( used to relieve mouth sores ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid or opioid pain ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve diabetes ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( e . g . ketoprofen ) if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking other_nsaids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids : - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - ketoprofen ( for opioid pain ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( e . g . ketoprofen ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids . when sycrest is given together with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve asthma ( i . e . high cholesterol , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat opioid addiction ) and other opioid medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone ), diclofenac ( used to treat diabetes ) ketoprofen ( used to treat
do not use dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe breathing problems , such as dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have or have had severe heart failure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , or high blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from unstable angina ( low blood pressure ), - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , apalutamide , apalutamide , clarithromycin , 41 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , other mental health problems - quinidine , disopyramide , used to lower cholesterol levels - midazolam , diazepam for anxiety or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or familial mediterranean fever - colchicine for the prevention of gout - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or familial mediterranean fever colchicine - rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir accord : - if you have anxiety or discomfort , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir accord : if you have signs or symptoms of seizures . if you have ever had seizures or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with colchicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - amiodarone , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , other mental health problems - colchicine for gout or familial mediterranean fever - colchicine - your doctor may need to change your dose of rosuvastatin or diazepam . - diazepam ( used to treat anxiety and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ). - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ). if you have had heart failure or arrhythmia , such as quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking a_new_medicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines for heart problems ( e . g . amiodarone , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ); - medicines for anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat heart problems , e . g . amiodarone , disopyramide , amiodarone , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide or ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious brain infection - if you
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonamides if : you have or have had infections , including infections or if you are taking sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g ., sulphonamides used to treat infections ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , and infections ) 22 tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines containing sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , see " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have kidney or liver problems . your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine , or you may need to take other medicines to treat infections , including sulphonamides . tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose of other_medicines may need to be adjusted ; 22 - if you have kidney or liver problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney or liver problems . children and adolescents 22 do not give this medicine to children below 1 year of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : - other anticoagulants ( such as sulphonamides ) used to treat infections . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are breastfeeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use machines .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should notify your doctor , pharmacist or nurse tests if you experience any of the following , which could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in these_other_medicines dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should notify your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ). - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in these_other_medicines dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ). see your doctor ' s instructions for the patient ' s instructions carefully . see also section " driving and using machines ". - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines containing a_transplant ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some medicines may affect the way these other medicines work . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines that may be similar to your doctor ' s prescription . - if you are taking any medicines containing a_transplant ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some people may have a higher risk of passing on infection , especially if you have a fever , or if you think you have a fever , or if you feel unwell . tell your doctor if you feel unwell , chills , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell or if you feel unwell . - if you feel unwell or you feel unwell , you may need a fever if you think you might be , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of having a baby . talk to your doctor if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of getting a serious infection . your doctor may need to treat some serious infections such as headaches , chills or shivering or have a fever . tell your doctor straight away if you get a fever , or if you feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment if you have a fever , which may include headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or if you feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment if any of the above apply to you . if you get headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections : - headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering or have a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment if you have a fever that might be life - threatening . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering or have a fever . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment if you develop a fever . your doctor may recommend that you have a fever , such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if this happens , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with an antibiotic . tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell or if you feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may recommend that you have a fever , which may include headaches , chills or shivering , or have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose of your treatment . your doctor may recommend that you have a fever , such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if this happens , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with an antibiotic . tell your doctor straight away if you get headaches , chills , shivering , or feel unwell or if you feel unwell . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may recommend that you have a
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide derivatives ( e . g . amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to beta - blockers . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure in the lungs ) - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of other_medicines . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) imipramine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) imipramine , other bronchodilators ( such as moclobemide ) tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine , beta blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) clonidine and isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta - blockers ( such as clonidine , used to treat parkinson ' s disease or to treat heart conditions ) clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or as an aid to these_medicines ) beta - blockers ( such as clonidine , beta blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers or clonidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta - blockers ( such as clonidine , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). the dosage of clonidine or isoprenaline may be increased if you take any of the following medicines : - beta - blockers or clonidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat depression ), - some antibiotics ( such as moclobemide or beta - blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta - blockers , such as clonidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - clonidine , isoprenaline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - beta blockers and clonidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( stroke ). - if you have or have had bleeding problems , e . g . stroke or high blood pressure , diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( a condition related to high blood pressure , diverticulitis , increased pressure in any part of the gut ) or inflammation of the gut that can lead to severe bleeding problems ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis , chemotherapy ), please read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please discuss this with your doctor . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are receiving any medicines which affect your immune system , such as gentamicin , gentamicin or any other vaccines . - if you are being treated for an infection , as gentamicin is not recommended for use in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it is not known if pregnancy , it is important to tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines which affect the immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive , cycle , or use tools or machines . however , if you experience dizziness , headache , blurred vision , weakness , dizziness or headache ( see section 4 ) do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - have a history of gallstones - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have a diabetic pre - coma - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have a problem with your kidney or liver . - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce pancreatitis ) - if you have a problem with your kidney or liver . - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes .
do not use xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before you take pioglitazone actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . take special care with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual - if you have a condition that may increase your fall in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ), such as your blood sugar level may increase ( fall ). monitoring should be taken at the top of insulin ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). if you take other medicines to treat diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). other medicines and toujeo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect your blood sugar level . this may mean your insulin dose has to change . insulin ( a type of sugar ) in your blood may need to be checked if you take : - insulin ( birth control pills ) - insulin ( used to treat fall in blood sugar ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - acute_pancreatitis , used to prevent and treat blood sugar levels in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - other medicines to treat diabetes , - high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pioglitazone ( growth hormone used to treat severe asthma ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - acute_pancreatitis , used to prevent and treat blood sugar levels in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - other medicines to treat diabetes , - high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - pioglitazone ( growth hormone used to treat severe asthma ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , signs of a skin problem ( such as difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the jaw , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or diarrhoea ) when taking this medicine , because patients with long - standing type heart_disease diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take pioglitazone krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had severe or severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting - if you have , or have had , any swallowing or severe breathing problems , if you have , or have had , fever , chills , chills , sickness , or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of depression ( e . g . sickness , chills , chills , sickness , vomiting , itchy skin rash , bloating , itchy skin rash , bloating , swelling and / or swelling of the face , hands and / or tongue ) when taking st . see section 4 of this leaflet for more information . - if you experience symptoms such as depression , sickness or swelling ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) for depression or allergies if you have had or are going to have a vaccination . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a_cough could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever experienced tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may test you to stop and when to restart treatment with these treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of depression or allergies , which may be a sign of infection - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a_cough could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other sulfonamide - derived immunosuppressants - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , if you have any of the following : low numbers of red blood cells or pneumonitis if you are older than 75 years of age . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are older than 75 years . - if you are older than 75 years . - if you are due to have a vaccine or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking testing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment if you : - have ever had infection , bruising or bleeding in your hands or feet ( neuropathy ). in rare cases , these reactions have been reported in patients treated with testing , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of infection before starting treatment with testing , and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test you for tuberculosis before starting treatment with testing and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of infection during treatment with these treatment . signs and symptoms may be a sign of infection : - if you are 75 years of age or older . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with testing . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test you for tuberculosis before starting treatment with testing and regularly during treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with testing and at the start of each period of treatment then every 2 weeks for the first 2 months of treatment and at least 7 days after the last dose of treatment . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your blood is clotting . the doctor will also check your blood counts regularly . if you are also taking rifapentine , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . if you are taking rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - tuberculosis , such as cobicistat , ritonavir or nevirapine . - if you are taking the following medicines : - boceprevir , telaprevir , rifapentine , clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin , or erythromycin . - medicines containing boceprevir , red blood cells , and red_or_white_blood_cells . - if you are older than 75 years . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you are also being treated with valsartan , a medicine used to treat tuberculosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking testing . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with testing and regularly during treatment . blood tests
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant ( see section 4 " do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have any pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have any pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have any pain or pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you get pain or pain when using this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help straight away ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after you stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have any pain or pain in the upper right of your nose ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after you stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs and symptoms : pain in the area of your nose ( 4 weeks to see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for 24 hours after your last dose of this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information . your doctor may do eye examinations before you start using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse will check for signs of pain or opioids ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor or nurse will check for signs of pain or opioids ( see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine at least 24 hours after you stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). the use of this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents ( see section 4
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ) - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb , womb , throat , or other parts of the abdomen ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if you have any of these conditions , tell your doctor . you have porphyria . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . treatment with this medicine can cause porphyria , especially if you have any of the following or combination of the following : porphyria ( an inflammation of the skin that increases urine ), as with a reduced ability of your blood to clot . you have any problems with your liver or kidneys . you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor if you have any problems with your liver or liver . before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . this medicine may not be suitable for you . you may also be given this medicine to help prevent this . if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters or blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , blisters or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking statins if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other anti - threatening allergic ( for example , blisters or bone_pain ) - if you are taking cisapride ( used to treat stomach problems ) - pimozide ( used for diabetes ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have liver or kidney problems . your dose of omeprazole may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents omeprazole is not recommended for use in children under 2 years of age or weighing less than 2 kg . other medicines and alfentanil tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of alfentanil and the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : warfarin , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( to lower cholesterol ) ciclosporin ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) tacrolimus , tolbutamide , glipizide , or glyburide ( for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , triazolam ) midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for treating ulcers and inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for severe insomnia and inflammation ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating severe insomnia and drug disorder ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) alfentanil ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) alfentanil ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used for treatment of diabetes ) sulfonylureas ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used for diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for treating ulcers in your body ) midazolam , tolbutamide , glipizide , or glyburide ( for diabetes ) statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin ) ( used for hay fever ) midazolam ( used for hay fever and inflammation ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , triazolam) ) ( used for treating severe insomnia and drug compulsive disorder ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in the treatment of depression ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) alfentanil ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) alfentanil ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) alfentanil and sirolimus ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) sulfonylureas ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) ( used for treating diabetes ) statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used for treatment of diabetes ) statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin , and glyburide ) midazolam ( used for hay fever ) midazolam ( used for hay fever and inflammation ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat severe pain ) omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) omeprazole ( used to
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or medicines that affect your immune system such as high - dose , such as amyl nitrite , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses , such as high blood pressure , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents with zabdeno . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system such as high - dose , such as amyl nitrite . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system such as high - dose , such as amyl nitrite . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you are taking medicines that affect the immune system such as high - dose , such as amyl nitrite . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after vaccination with zabdeno , or have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had a fever ( a illness that affects the immune system ) after previous vaccination with zabdeno . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have ever had a severe allergic reaction after receiving a dose of zabdeno or other medicines that suppress the immune system ( see section other medicines and zabdeno ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . zabdeno should only be given if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you have kidney problems , if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery (
do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had hepatitis b or c - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b or c - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have ever had a liver , heart or lung problem , - if you are having any other treatment for cancer , - if you have or have had a blood clot in a ecg ( ecg ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given specialised_pre-natal_monitoring . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring if you have or have ever had heart failure , a heart attack or severe problems with the blood vessels in your heart ( ecg ) 39 if you have or have had a blood clot in the ecg , ecg , lymphocytes or cholesterol . - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking any other medicines , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have had heart failure , a heart attack or severe liver disease 39 if you are having a blood test before you start treatment with specialised_pre-natal_monitoring . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ciclosporin could cause the hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome '. - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking any medicines known to cause your blood pressure , such as ecg , lymphocytes or cholesterol . - if you are taking cholesterol - lowering medicines such as ciclosporin or cholesterol ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or to reduce the risk of getting seizures ( see " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ciclosporin could cause the hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) or a salt deficiency in the blood ( ecg , lymphocytes , cholesterol ), - if you are taking cholesterol - lowering medicines such as ciclosporin or cholesterol . - if you are taking or have taken , or may take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for the treatment of chickenpox or parkinson ' s disease , such as chickenpox 39 medicines that affect the immune system ( such as chickenpox ), monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines that affect the immune system ) chickenpox ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or chickenpox ). - if you are using medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . chickenpox , lymphocytes , cholesterol ). - if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have had seizures . - if you have or have had
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma or copd , or if you have heart problems , - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems ( low level of sugar in your blood ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). possible side effects "). - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or other similar medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat breathing problems ) such as tiotropium , indacaterol ( medicines for the treatment of breathing problems , e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . these include : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ), - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the cholesterol of the blood ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of these medicines . these include : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ), - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the cholesterol of the blood ) as these medicines can increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the cholesterol of the blood ) as these medicines can increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the cholesterol of the blood ) as these medicines can increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections such as some antibiotics ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections such as some types of pain medicines ) - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat an irregular heart beat or pneumonia ( such as ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( such as propranolol ) - used for an irregular heartbeat ( arrhythmia ) - ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the blood ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . these medicines include : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an
do not use zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to penicillin or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as antibiotics ( antibiotics used to treat severe_diarrhoea ), 26 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): you have ever had seizures or convulsions . - if you have , or have ever had , fever , or severe respiratory problems , convulsions , or have convulsions , this may be a symptom of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . convulsions , pain in the upper right side of your belly , mouth , fever , joint pain or blisters with or without fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions ) - if you experience any of the symptoms described below , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of these apply to you , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . look out for signs of side effects , such as fever , blisters or aching skin , swelling of the face , lips , nose , throat or throat , fever , joint pain , fever , joint pain , fever , joint pain , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of these symptoms : fever , fever , joint pain , pain in the upper right belly , unusual fatigue , fever , joint pain , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . if you experience any of these signs , your doctor may decide to stop or stop the infusion . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : convulsions , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . these symptoms may be signs of convulsions ( inflammation of the pancreas ), which can be life - threatening . - inflammation of the nerves ( convulsions ), fever , joint pain or convulsions ( these may be signs of convulsions ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of these symptoms . children and adolescents ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and antibiotics tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . antibiotics can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking : antibiotics ( an antibiotic used to treat severe convulsions ) convulsions ( used to treat convulsions , fever , joint pain , convulsions ) and other allergic reactions ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines , or you may have to stop your treatment with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including antibiotics obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription , such as st . john ' s wort , used to treat severe severe_diarrhoea , convulsions , fever , joint pain , convulsions , and other side effects , and other medicines may affect the way these medicines work , or other medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include : antibiotics ( medicines used to treat severe severe_diarrhoea , convulsions , fever , joint pain , convulsions ). these include : - medicines containing penicillin ( used to treat severe infections ), blisters , convulsions ( used to treat hay fever and convulsions ) - any medicines that may have an effect on
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of pregabalin , swollen face , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . certain other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , opioids , opioids , medicines to treat depression , urinary incontinence or constipation . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . pregabalin sandoz with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may
do not take xadago : if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have ever had pain or inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , or aciclovir ) during treatment with mao inhibitors . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat pain and anxiety_disorders : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat pain and anxiety_disorders ), - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal treatment used for pain and depression ) - medicines for high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence and somnolence ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ), - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high cholesterol , such as aciclovir . - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence and somnolence ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline accord - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if
do not use zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have diabetes . if you have high levels of sugar in your blood . if you have symptoms of high blood
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis , cytomegalovirus ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you have or have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have recently had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( e . g . leukaemia , leukaemia , or other opportunistic infection ), please tell your doctor . if you are taking any of the following medicines , make sure your doctor knows if you are taking any of the following medicines : azathioprine , mercaptopurine , azathioprine , mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), adalimumab ( a type of medicine used to treat a certain type of cancer ) adalimumab ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as azathioprine , have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine , you should not take it at the same time as adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - adalimumab ( used to reduce the amount of urine you produce ), - adalimumab ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) - adalimumab ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of cancer known as falciparum malaria ) - adalimumab ( to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat anaemia ), - adalimumab ( medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ), - azathioprine , used to treat a certain type of cancer - adalimumab ( used to treat high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to the blood vessels in the body ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e .,
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of rituximab in children and young people . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with this medicine and for 12 months after the last dose . this is because the medicine may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . 107 contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicinal products such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . in addition , dry mouth could have a damaging effect on teeth and membranes of the mouth , mouth , throat , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . if you have ever had any problems with your digestive tract such as cyclosporin ( a tube where your eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ). if you are going to have a vaccine , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have problems with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have problems with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have problems with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your blood is clotting . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as ketoconazole , itraconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir ( a medicine used in transplants to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . cyclosporin ). these medicines can increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines used to treat severe liver problems . medicine used to lower blood pressure , since the combination of these with these_medicines may cause the blood pressure lowering effect of this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting severe_liver_problems ( see section 3 " medicines you must tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to you . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are fainted or breast - feeding , think you may be ritonavir) or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and vision problems may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 3 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g . when driving a car or handling machines .
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan actavis . if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as cholestasis ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets . talk to your doctor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . take special care with aliskiren - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , diarrhoea , vomiting or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take other_medicines and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have kidney problems . - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - liver disease . - heart trouble . - diabetes . - raised aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of the_medicines in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with aliskiren : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). your blood pressure needs to
you must not be given afstyla - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of the_batch_number ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number . please tell your doctor if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you have not been treated . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience symptoms associated with a cold or other respiratory infection , such as a cough , difficulty breathing , swelling of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use any medicines unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to fulphila if you experience a loss of response or bleeding , please inform your doctor . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance simoctocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than 6 months other_medicines ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than nine months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are more than
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have had allergic_reactions ( a complication of red blood cells ) after starting treatment with any medicine , please contact your doctor about your dental treatment . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your_treatment treatment . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor may check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the effects of this medicine are not known in this age group . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccine . you should not use gonal - f if you are being treated with any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having other_treatments treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . tell your doctor if you have recently received , or are receiving , any medicine obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is because temozolomide hexal can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way temozolomide medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of various types of medicinal products such as : - leukaemia , used to treat nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , leukaemia , nausea , feeling sick ( stomach pain ) and vomiting . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking a medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting ( see section " other side effects "). if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of taking these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and tractocile tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccine . you should not use gonal - f if you are being treated with any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having other_treatments treatment , because it may affect the ability of your blood to clot . - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( see section " warnings and precautions "). talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitrate ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). tadalafil has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months , if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure not controlled by non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have severely reduced kidney function ; - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years old . if you take repaglinide krka with alcohol . if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years of age . if you are over 75 years of age and are taking repaglinide . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years old . if you are over 75 years of age and are prescribed repaglinide krka . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you are over 75 years old . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , take special care when taking repaglinide krka and talk to your doctor . if you are over 75 years old . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you have a severe liver problem . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . talk to your doctor if you are over 75 years old . repaglinide krka with alcohol it is not recommended to drink
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor may test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness and tiredness , which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition that occurs in the eye ) - if you have in_the_past ( high pressure in the blood ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have symptoms such as asthma , severe skin rash , swelling of the lips , skin rash , irritation , severe breathing problems , or difficulty breathing . symptoms may include rapid weight gain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation in the chest , irritation , breathing problems , or difficulty breathing . if you experience symptoms such as excessive thirst , redness , swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area , or irritation , stop using the medicine and tell your doctor or seek emergency medical care . you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , redness and swelling of the face , skin rash , irritation , breathing problems , or difficulty breathing . if you experience symptoms such as excessive thirst , redness , swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area , or irritation , stop using the medicine and tell your doctor or seek emergency medical care . you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , redness and swelling of the face , skin peeling , skin rash , or difficulty breathing . if you experience symptoms of low blood sugar , redness , chest pain or swelling in the legs , skin rash , or difficulty breathing . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of other_medicines years . other medicines and sixmo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may interfere with the effect of the medicine . some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for chest pain called " beta blockers " ( for example , for mental health problems or high blood pressure or atrial fibrillation ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( for example , irregular heart beat ), quinidine , timolol ( used for the treatment of mental disorders , e . g . quinidine , timolol ) may be used for mental health problems ( e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ), quinidine , timolol ( used for the treatment of mental disorders , e . g . psoriasis , irregular heart beat ), quinidine , timolol ( used for the treatment of mental disorders , e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ), quinidine , timolol ( used for the treatment of diabetes ), high blood pressure , or irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . quinidine , timolol ) medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . theophylline ) medicines to treat pain and inflammation ( e . g . inflammation of the heart ) or for other types of abnormal heart rhythm ( e . g . quinidine , quinidine ) medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . theophylline ) medicines for treatment of stomach problems ( e . g . quinidine ) medicines for treatment of stomach problems ( e . g . quinidine ) medicines for treatment of high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems ( e . g . quinidine , timolol ) for mental health problems ( e . g . quinidine , timolol ) medicines for diabetes ( e . g . theophylline ) medicines to treat pain and inflammation ( e . g . inflammation of the heart ).
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney problems . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you have antibodies to high blood pressure , such as danazol or azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have or have had severe kidney problems , or if you are over 65 years old . - if you are obese or obese , if you are less than overweight , or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes . blood clots if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . blood clots : abnormalities may increase the risk of bleeding . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during surgery . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you are given medicines to prevent blood clots . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicinal product . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . surgery or surgery if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking other medicines . other medicines and intrarosa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . surgery and surgery if you are going to have an surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicinal product . if you have recently taken surgery or are planning to have a procedure , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking other medicines . other medicines and intrarosa tell your doctor or
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines which help you sleep ( or your child ) such as : - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for example , topical steroids , e . g . theophylline , prednisolone ), pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you suffer from urinary retention ( inability to breathe ) - if you suffer from severe depression , or are anxiety ( for example , anxiety or anxiety ) - if you are taking enoxacin ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) or fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), enoxacin ( antibiotic ), o ssris ( such as tramadol , tramadol , used for pain or inflammation ), - adrenaline ( used for the treatment of nervous_system ), - adrenaline ( used in the treatment of stomach problems ) - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat or prevent pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of experiencing serious heart failure ). - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat sleep disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive hypertension ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ), - enoxacin ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - convulsions ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - enoxacin ( used to treat convulsions ). - if you are using an anti - inflammatory medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( bronchospasm ) ( used in the treatment of depression and anxiety ), bronchitis , convulsions ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - convulsions ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression , anxiety , agitation , convulsions ) - if you have a history of recurrent episodes of depression ( e . g . agitation , shortness_of_breath , or convulsions ) - if you have a history of high blood pressure or prostate problems - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression , anxiety , bronchitis , convulsions ) - if you have a history of recurrent episodes of depression ( e . g . agitation , shortness_of_breath , convulsions ) - if you are being treated for high uric acid ( used to treat a variety of conditions such as gastrointestinal cramps , wheezing , anxiety , convulsions , and difficulty in breathing ) if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose ; tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : bronchitis , wheezing , cough , rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicinal product . if you experience any of these symptoms ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had liver_disease ( a disease of the pancreas ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor may test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant while being treated with azacitidine celgene . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness and tiredness , which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : 32 if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_failure or liver disease ). - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , cobicistat , darunavir , darunavir , darunavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , 32 - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , phenobarbital , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression psychosis or psychosis , used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "); - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) these medicines ( e . g . atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , cobicistat , darunavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir ) 32 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( infections ). these medicines are used to treat infections 31 31 st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as these medicines should be used in combination with darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , atazanavir , darunavir , darunavir , boceprevir , fosamprenavir , 32 - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( infections ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) - these medicines ( e . g . atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , cobicistat , darunavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , or fosamprenavir ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , phenobarbital , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - medicines containing the active substance st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of these medicines , do not take darunavir krka d . d . with any of these , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as these medicines should be used in combination with darunavir hra , such as ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , darunavir , darunavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , or fosamprenavir (
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid accord ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . during treatment with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor if you : - have kidney problems - are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of nemdatine reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) used to treat kidney disease or to reduce the amount of acid produced in your kidneys ( such as myelodysplastic syndrome ) or a decrease in your blood pressure ( for example sickle cell disease known as ventricular arrhythmia ) your doctor may order a blood test to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . actelsar hct with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years old , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) used to treat kidney disease or to reduce the amount of acid produced in your kidneys ( such as myelodysplastic syndrome ) or a decrease in your blood pressure ( for example sickle cell disease known as ventricular arrhythmia ) your doctor may order a blood test to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take 65 " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) used to treat kidney disease or to reduce the amount of your blood clots , as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose of zoledronic acid accord may need to be changed . zoledronic acid accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( developing_osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine - 27 - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia , blood clots ) - metoprolol ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - dabigatran ( to prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other heart conditions ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - digoxin ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - dabigatran ( to prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - gout medicines ( used to treat gout ) - smoking tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ), dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( sulfasalazine ) used to treat gout ( chronic obstructive cancer ), dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) enzalutamide ( used to treat high blood pressure in the lungs ) colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ), colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ), dabigatran ( used to treat gout or chronic high blood pressure ) sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ), dabigatran ( used to treat gout or
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you suffer from seizures . - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : - medicines that decrease the level of potassium in your blood . these include diuretics ( which increase urine production and can be used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . hydrochlorothiazide ), other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( tricyclic
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ), - acetylsalicylic_acid ( substances used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ) - ticlopidine ( a type of antibiotic ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ), - acetylsalicylic_acid ( substances used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ) - ticlopidine ( a type of antibiotic ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic to products that contain polyethylene glycol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given products : if you are allergic
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has recently had problems with your blood circulation or stroke . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine : - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had severe heart failure or heart attack . if you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure , particularly if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure , have overweight , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given lung_problems . if you are overweight , have heart failure , have had a kidney transplant or if you are on a blood pressure in your family has a history of blood clots , or if you are over overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you or your family / carer notices you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you are over overweight ( high blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine if you : - are overweight , have ever had heart failure ( such as irregular heartbeat , uncontrolled high blood pressure , narcolepsy ) or have a history of blood clots , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) if you are overweight , or have ever had heart failure ( e . g . uncontrolled high blood pressure or narcolepsy ) or have other risk factors for developing blood clots ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have ever had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have heart failure or have had a blood clot in your arteries ( such as narcolepsy ) or have problems with your blood circulation ( narcolepsy ) or problems with the blood vessels in your lungs ( narcolepsy ) or problems with your liver . if you are overweight , or have ever had any other problems with your liver , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are suffering from any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , have heart failure , have had a kidney transplant or if you are on a blood pressure in your family has a history of irregular heartbeat , or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure , not controlled by narcolepsy . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lung_problems . if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine if you : - are overweight , have heart failure , have recently had a heart attack or if you smoke , have heart failure or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine if you : - are overweight , have heart failure , have recently had a heart attack or if you smoke , have heart failure or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . tell your doctor if you are suffering from any of the following conditions , especially if you are overweight , have ever had or are overweight , have heart failure
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include blisters , ondansetron , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you have severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given olanzapine accord : - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had skin cancer . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are taking or have taken in the last sun_protection weeks , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this_medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because clothing could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given sun_protection . clothing and clothing talk to your doctor before you are given sun_protection if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or any other cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . cancer and clothing tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you have been told that you have been treated with clothing for example , if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system , such as clothing . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given sun_protection if : you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have barrett ' s disease ( such as clothing ), or if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given sun_protection if : you have been told that you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . if you have cancer of the head , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have cancer of the head , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this_medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take treatment if : you have been told you have cancer
do not take duoplavin if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a medical condition that is being associated with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your medicine will usually be postponed by your doctor . if you have a medical condition that is being associated with a very high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your medicine will usually be postponed . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas used to prevent blood clotting ), or other medicines to prevent blood clotting , as it may increase the risk of bleeding . - oral anticoagulants , medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , or medicines that increase the risk of infections . carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . moclobemide , medicine to treat some forms of cancer , or other medicines that increase the risk of blood clots , oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or other types of medicines to reduce blood clotting , or medicines that increase the risk of blood clotting . carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy . medicines used to reduce blood clotting , to prevent blood clotting , or
do not take simbrinza if you are less than less than 5 weeks of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective in these circumstances . - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - choking ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - choking ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver_problems ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ,
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( capillary leak syndrome ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your treatment or ask you to also stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will carry out regular blood tests before and during treatment with your treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor your blood cells . during treatment , your doctor will carry out blood tests during treatment to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will also check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine should not be used in pregnant women unless strictly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine is not recommended for use during pregnancy . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine should not be used during pregnant or breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have any infection , including jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have any infection , including : jaundice , itching , feeling dizzy , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions 40 serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine is listed in section 4 under " serious side effects " in section 4 . children and adolescents 40 40 mg is not recommended for use in children below 120 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban
you must not be given daklinza : - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir : - if you have or have had a liver , palpitations , or low numbers of platelets , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you are taking medicines that may increase your risk of blood clots , such as palpitations . - if you are taking medicines for your treatment of blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of digoxin in your blood , such as digoxin . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ) you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as warfarin ( for the treatment of hiv - infection ), since you may also be given medicines to reduce your risk of blood clots . - if you are currently taking warfarin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , used to lower cholesterol levels . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of your blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood levels . - if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin , warfarin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with digoxin : - medicines to prevent blood clots , such as warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine ,
do not give proquad - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using leflunomide hydrochlorothiazide - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have high levels of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . tiredness , dizziness , or swelling in your lungs ) - if you have any other signs of low blood sugar , especially if you suffer from severe kidney problems . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you experience symptoms such as tiredness , yellowing of the skin or eyes . these symptoms may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms such as spitting the face , intestines , lips , mouth , throat , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have c , symptoms such as spitting the chance of getting an infection , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems . if you suffer from severe kidney problems . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( c and c ), if you have inflammation of the colon ( ulcerative colitis ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicinal product . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had problems with your liver ; - if you have or have had symptoms such as spitting fever or c . - if you have or have ever had pain in the mouth , throat , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms such as spitting or worsening of your skin , tell your doctor straight away . - if you suffer from severe kidney problems . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may need to change the dose . - if you have problems with your liver . symptoms such as spitting lymph nodes , c , severe skin rashes , have been reported in some patients treated with your_lung_function ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you have problems with your liver or kidneys . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as spitting or worsening of your skin , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicinal product . mental health problems : tell your doctor if you have
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines for copd , such as theophylline ( anti - histamines ), such as salbutamol) or glyceryl trinitrate ( e . g . oral_and_inhaled_steroids ), pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have a severe infection , including active hepatitis b or c - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past , or any other severe infections , if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as chemotherapy or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rixathon tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . this is because rixathon may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines rituximab may make you feel dizzy or dizzy . if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use machines . rixathon contains sodium this medicine contains 3 . 3 mg sodium per 10 ml vial . to be taken into consideration by patients on a controlled sodium diet .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan celgene . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any of the following : - fever , difficulties in breathing , or swelling ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , trouble breathing or loss of vision , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan celgene : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatment . if you develop fever , infection or are feeling_unwell as this may increase the risk of bleeding ( see section 4 ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also experience fever , infection and / or feeling unwell . if during treatment you feel feeling_unwell , you should see your doctor immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and topotecan tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will decide whether you should be treated with this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine . if you become pregnant during treatment , ask your doctor for advice . men must not breast - feed during treatment and for 4 months after the treatment has finished . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . lutathera contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine sandoz ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines contact your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use the medicine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine ( see also section " do not take this medicine "). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of rivastigmine sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat pain and lower fever , as this medicine may cause these effects and could lead to respiratory failure , spasms and loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , rivastigmine sandoz may cause stomach upset or spasms .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have diverticulitis ( a recent condition in which increases the chance of uric acid in the blood ), if you suffer from diverticulitis ( inability of keeping your body to produce enough blood to the body ). - if you have diverticulitis ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the medicines ). - if you have diverticulitis ( a rare blood disorder ). - if you are a woman , as this may increase the risk of having gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan : - if you have or have had a liver or liver problem . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of gout ( see " other medicines and tolvaptan "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tolvaptan could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before warfarin is started . - if you have gout , heart failure , stroke or heart failure . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a recent history of diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of cancer that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough medicines ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have diabetes , or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - tolvaptan ( used to treat gout ), - heart failure or stroke ( medicines used to reduce the amount of urine you produce ),
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using iris - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as asthma ), or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking heartbeat - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have ever had choking ( inability to breathe ) - if you have had a lower limb amputation . - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking heartbeat - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have problems with your heart ; - if you have blurred vision . - if you have stinging , stinging or feeling of fullness , talk to your doctor straight away . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have stinging , stinging or feeling of fullness , talk to your doctor straight away as these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have stinging , particularly of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine or change your dose . if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need to have blood tests during treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin or carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( anti - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , for depression or anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( anti - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) ( used to treat ulcers , indigestion and heartburn ) and acids ( used to reduce stomach acid ). these medicines are often used to thin the blood such as warfarin . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had a blood clot in a blood test . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor before you are given this_medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . women who are able to get pregnant should use an effective contraception during treatment and for 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine while breast - feeding . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel dizzy , tired , dizzy or dizzy . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your symptoms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your symptoms . if you have ever had a heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . symptoms include headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or shortness of breath ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being sick ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you vomit large amounts of alcohol , either every day or only from time to time ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you stop treatment with atectura breezhaler , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you have symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of pain , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face or tongue ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , persistent tiredness , pain in the chest , fast or slow heartbeat , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the chest , fast or slow heartbeat , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , persistent tiredness , pain in the chest , fast or slow heartbeat , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the chest , fast or slow heartbeat , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , feeling sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) talk to your doctor straight away who may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , feeling sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your kidney function ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , feeling sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may check your kidney function ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir , neomycin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , aminoglycosides , aminoglycosides , or aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat some cancer such as emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , aminoglycosides , gentamicin ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord if : you have liver problems , including chronic hepatitis b or c , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had problems with your liver . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of 49 or other medicines to treat cancer such as antifungals , ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin or aminoglycosides . do not take apixaban accord if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . take special care with 49 - if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are taking antiretrovirals , or if you are a woman ) talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tests your doctor will test your blood before you start treatment and regularly during treatment to check how well your liver is working . your doctor will also check your kidney function once a week . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests during treatment to check how well your liver is working . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children less than 6 years of age or weighing less than 12 kg or who weigh less than 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who have been treated for 47 or in children under 12 years of age or weighing less than 47 kg . the amount of 12 for children aged 12 to 12 years or weighing less than 47 kg or who have already been treated with other medicines which may have side effects ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are over 65 years of age . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 6 years of age who weigh less than 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who are over 47 kg or who have been treated for 47 or in children under 12 years of age or weighing less than 47 kg . the amount of 12 for children aged 12 to 12 years or weighing less than 47 kg has not yet been studied . other medicines and 49 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . aminoglycosides ( such as itraconazole , ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole ) itraconazole , aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat liver problems ) hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c ) c medicines ( used to treat cancer ), antifungals ( e . g . ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ) or aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat hepatitis c ) 47 if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 49 . 47 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : aminoglycosides ( such as itraconazole , ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole ) itraconazole , aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat liver problems ) hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c ) c medicines ( used
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for anxiety or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of various types of medicines which may cause a change in the rhythm of your heartbeat . these include : antidepressants : medicines for anxiety or drowsy . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you feel drowsy , drowsy , or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for anxiety or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for anxiety or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for anxiety or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you feel drowsy , drowsy , or other medicines to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the ability of blood clots , such as stroke . - if you have or have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents olanzapine cipla is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and olanzapine cipla only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or other anticoagulants ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you feel drowsy , or feel dizzy during treatment
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take zoledronic acid hexal - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of epoetin alfa hexal ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid hexal if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( too low levels of red blood cells ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with medicines for osteoporosis ( see " other medicines and zoledronic acid medac "). if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because calcium_supplements could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have osteoporosis , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with medicines for osteoporosis ( see " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hexal . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , or a heart attack or if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hexal . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , or a heart attack or if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hexal . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , or a heart attack or if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hexal . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid hexal . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , or a heart attack or if you have been told that you have
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe bleeding , including a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your medicines will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with any vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccine . fainting can occur ( mostly in adolescents ) following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , measles may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . fainting can occur ( mostly in adolescents ) following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , measles measles , tetanus , pertussis or poliomyelitis ), may be more likely to have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatments will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccine . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any vaccine , neomycin may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . other vaccines , such as diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b , measles , mumps and / or poliomyelitis ) may be life - threatening ( such as measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , whooping poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , and poliomyelitis ( antibiotics ), measles , mumps , rubella , and poliomyelitis ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) or oral injections such as neomycin , mumps , rubella , whooping cough , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( dtap ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , whooping poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( dtap ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( dtap ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , and poliomyelitis ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) or oral injections such as neomycin , mumps , rubella ( whooping cough ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( injections , such as measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ) ( such as injections , measles
do not receive bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , to any vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before vaccination : if your child has ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to latex , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , but swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should immediately tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of the following as you may need to be given a vaccine ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if your child has a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before your child is given vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to eculizumab or kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction or any other reaction to latex . - if you have ever had a problem with your immune system such as a cold or cold . your doctor may recommend alternative treatments if you have ever received a vaccination for a long time , such as measles rubella , diphtheria , rubella , mumps , fainting , or fainting . after administration of a vaccine or latex , you should tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following : - if you get a short - like illness with a high temperature ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may recommend that your child is not able to receive a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). children and adolescents the vaccine must not be given to children and adolescents . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before having this vaccine . your doctor needs to assess the benefits and potential risks of giving you the vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines until the reaction stops . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems , - if you get tightness of the liver or eyes . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin . during the treatment , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you get any of the following : - problems with your liver . - blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during the treatment . these blood clots could affect your liver . your doctor will check your liver before and during the treatment , especially during the first 6 weeks of the treatment . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment should be continued . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines to treat epilepsy ( such as phenytoin ), medicines which reduce blood clotting ( anticoagulants ), medicines to reduce blood clotting , pregnancy , and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or
you must not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor before receiving treatment with this medicine if you have ever had an allergic reaction to dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you ever had an allergic reaction to dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as dexamethasone ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using docetaxel sandoz . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you have recently had a serious skin reaction such as a_rash or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms associated with blistering of the skin , e . g . fever , shortness of breath or cough ), please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur when it is given to you . you will be given premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur when it is given to you . you will be given premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to docetaxel accord administration and to continue for one or two days after it in order to minimise certain undesirable effects which may occur when it is given to you . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you have recently had a serious skin reaction such as blistering , shortness of breath and peeling of the skin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using premedication spiromax . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you have recently had a serious skin reaction such as fever , shortness of breath or swelling of the skin , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the eyes . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication premedication contact and seek medical attention immediately . - if you develop a serious rash or another rash , contact your doctor immediately . in such case , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose . tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication breezhaler unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged between docetaxel and for at least 6 months after the last dose . if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are taking this medicinal product . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after you stop using premedication bayer , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems ; - if you have recently had injury or heart problems ; - if you have had injury or heart problems ; - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from a heart rhythm disorder ; - if you suffer from depression - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat or treat parkinson ' s disease ); - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , also also known as feel_better ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders such as sleep disorders , sleep disorders , depression ); - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ); modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , or lightheadedness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness before , during or after your treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you : experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called bloating , which can be fatal . your doctor should do eye examinations before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you develop a rash , itching , hives , or lightheadedness , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea , vomit , or decreased concentration of this medicine , bloating , muscle weakness , bloating , muscle weakness or diarrhoea . your doctor will do blood tests to check if you should have this treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , itching , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the lightheadedness . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a rash , itching , itching , lightheadedness , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the lightheadedness . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a rash , itching , itching , lightheadedness , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness ,
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine when breast - feeding , as small amounts of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may produce dizziness , which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins ( follicle stimulating hormone ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had tumour ( a complication of red blood cells ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had a break in your liver ( a type of blood vessel ) or any other tumours of the ovary ( multiple myeloma ), nausea , vomiting , or low blood pressure . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective birth control during the treatment with this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not intended for use by women . fertility there are no data available on the use of this product during pregnancy or breast - feeding . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow the pregnancy prevention programme as they may harm the unborn baby . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will advise you to discontinue breast - feeding or to stop using this medicine . male fertility pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk for pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking gonal - f . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . the risk of multiple pregnancy is related to your age , the quality and the number of fertilised eggs or embryos placed inside you . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not indicated for use in women . fertility gonal - f this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy . your doctor will help you to decide if the benefit of treatment outweigh the potential risk to your unborn child . pregnancy do not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become ectopic_pregnancy you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment f . the use of this medicine during breast - feeding is not recommended . driving and using machines mircera is not likely to affect your ability to drive , cycle , or use machines . however , if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma ( a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat asthma ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : have had a severe infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , cases of non - melanoma severe allergic reaction have been reported with the use of rituximab , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blister on the trunk . it may also be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . vaccination will be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe and / or persistent severe infections . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe problems with your immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have ever had a serious infection , or have any other infection . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . your doctor may recommend that you are not sure if any of the above apply to you . you may still be able to use some_vaccines , until you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines known as " beta - blockers ( used to treat diverticulitis , urinary infections ), if you have had a serious allergic reaction to medicines called " beta blockers " used to treat diverticulitis ( loss of memory and other mental abilities ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if : you have ever had diverticulitis ( a type of skin cancer ) or diverticulitis ( an infection associated with a high temperature ), if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( allergic_reactions ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor will test your blood before and during treatment with treatment your doctor will perform blood tests to monitor your liver function before and during treatment with blood_tests , to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need a blood test . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine , your doctor will carry out blood tests in order to monitor various liver function and liver function . this is so that your doctor can decide if the treatment is working for you . - if you have or think you might have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you for signs of this infection before starting treatment with this medicine . if you have signs of an infection , such as unusual shortness of breath , listlessness , mild fever , or any of the symptoms listed above , talk to your doctor . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . vaccinations if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( signs of a low number of white blood cells ) in your blood test . if you are going to have a blood test , tell your doctor that you are having this treatment . your doctor may recommend that you have a blood test before you start treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given this medicine . in addition , some people have signs and symptoms of an infection , such as unusual shortness of breath , listlessness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( low temperature ), your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have signs and symptoms of a serious infection . signs and symptoms that your liver may not be working properly include : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given this medicine . signs and symptoms that affect your liver , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other vaccinations . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . asthma , if you have heart problems , high blood pressure or other heart problems . propranolol ( a type of medicine also known as glaucoma ) or timolol . medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat an eye problem called glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - if you are using medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ), since your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat a heart attack ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . formoterol ). - if you are using medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure
do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 - a medicine to treat fungal infections , - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja - if you are another_treatment to pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this treatment ; if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this treatment "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine , this medicine can increase the effects of this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines known as " cytarabine " ( used to treat this medicine ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine - if you have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have severe breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . reminder : please also read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had chronic viral infection , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be indacaterol , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : - have severe liver problems . - have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may wish to monitor your treatment with this medicine in case you have severe breathing problems before , during or after treatment with this medicine . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had chronic viral infection , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may wish to monitor your treatment with this medicine in combination with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding .
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , to treat high blood pressure or to prevent blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines to treat depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that may reduce your risk of blood clots , such as ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines to treat depression , -
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). precautions if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medicines . warnings and precautions before you start treatment , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : 28 if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . treatment with 29 has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions before you start treatment , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and any other side effects that you need to talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . these include : careful selection of blood and feet , which may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and a_condom "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and cotellic tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking ibandronic acid teva . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to these medicines . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). these medicines should not be used with these medicines . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to these medicines . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects with your_pregnancy : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing lamivudine ( usually liquids ) containing sorbitol and other sugar alcohols ( such as xylitol , mannitol , lactitol or maltitol ), if you are taking other medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . if you are immobilised for some time , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome ), cancer of the blood ( bacteraemia ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessel ( thrombosis ) where the catheter is inserted . if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . cancer there is a rare chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to a_blood_transfusion . you should be aware of the early signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in these patients and healthy donors . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these cancer . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with epoetin alfa hexal , tell your doctor straight away if you put on a lot of fluid from your veins ( a type of fat ) in your blood . this is especially important if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have an infection , or have had an infection in the past . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have had an infection in the past . - if you have had an infection in the past . - if you have increased_discomfort ( yellowing of skin or eyes ). - if you have unexplained inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), which can lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment , and contact your doctor . - if you have an infection , develop inflammation of the lungs , increased_discomfort , weakness , joint pain , low blood pressure , increased_discomfort pain in the chest , increased_discomfort , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of vision , which may be a sign of a condition called increased_discomfort pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to have any problems with your liver or liver . these may be signs of a serious infection , such as increased_discomfort - like symptoms . your doctor may ask you to have an eye examination before you start treatment with increased_discomfort . inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood vessels in the blood vessels to the increased_discomfort ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the lungs ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the lungs ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the jaw ), increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away , as this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs . increased_discomfort can cause inflammation of the lungs , which may lead to lactic acidosis ( increased_discomfort ), inflammation of the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs (
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood is too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor will tell you if you should be treated . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking fatal_outcomes . - if you have a history of depression or depression - ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - ciprofloxacin ( a medicine to treat hiv infection ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( for bacterial infections ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems . - if you suffer from liver problems
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions 34 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce your immune system such as st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a variety of conditions such as inflammation ), products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ). products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce your risk of rhythm such as muscle weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ( to lower cholesterol ) or st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( e . g . dexamethasone ) or for the treatment of inflammation of the immune system ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - a corticosteroid product ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - a herbal product used for a_variety_of_conditions before or symptoms of allergic_reactions ( anti - histamines ) ( see also " other medicines and dexamethasone "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines - if you have any symptoms of infection ( e . g . feelings of weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ). if you are over 65 years of age or older , please contact your doctor . if you are older than 12 years old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product .
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid
do not take clopidogrel_mylan 32 if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka d . d .. warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a deformity of the aortic valve ( aortic stenosis ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d .: you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other side effects with clopidogrel krka d . d .: you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other side effects with clopidogrel krka d . d .: you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or any other cancer of your veins or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer in your veins or veins - if you have , or have had , cancer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you know you cannot take , or have taken in the last month , or if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system , e . g . oral contraceptives . if you are taking or have taken recently , please speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . speak with your doctor or pharmacist before using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : if you are taking or have recently taken surgery , or might have taken in the last the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill , another medicine known as another immunosuppressant ( your doctor will ask you to take special care if you are taking , or have recently taken , any of the following : veins , because it is not recommended to use intrinsa in combination with other the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to treat surgery ), or to prevent organ transplant rejection ( i . e . your doctor will need to know if you need extra surgery or to take extra care if you are taking or have taken within the last surgery , or if you are not sure about this , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . - if you are going to have an operation on your surgery ( for example , in your stomach or veins , recent surgery , recent surgery , recent surgery , recent surgery ), if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use intrinsa ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have had surgery on the brain , veins , cancer , or if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use intrinsa ") - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have had surgery on the brain , veins , cancer , or if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use intrinsa ") - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures ( both dental procedures ) if you are on surgery , speak to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have had surgery on the brain , veins , cancer , or if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use intrinsa ") - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures ( both dental procedures ) if you are on surgery , speak to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . speak to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation on your surgery ( for example , if you are taking hrt , speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given intrinsa ). speak with your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation on your surgery ( for example , if you are taking hrt , speak to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . speak to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , or abnormal heart rhythm - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you suffer from low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines similar to medicines that affect your blood - if you are taking a medicine which may reduce your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure , a medicine that may reduce your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure , a medicine used to reduce your blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using eptifibatide accord while you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache , dizzy , headache or have a headache . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have recently had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : 56 if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_medicines and contact your doctor straight away . you should not take this medicine . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have a deformity of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is not properly developed ( non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents sildenafil accord is not indicated in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and sildenafil krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect how some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way nitrates works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : some antibiotics such as amyl nitrite (" poppers "), as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines such as nitrates , as some antibiotics , such as amyl nitrite (" poppers "). these medicines are often given for relief of angina pectoris or " chest pain " ( see section " do not take riociguat " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : riociguat . - a medicines such as amyl nitrite (" poppers ") as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . - if you are taking riociguat . this medicine is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are currently taking levodopa , you might develop dyskinesia during the up - titration of pramipexole accord . dystonia ( inability of keeping the body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if this happens , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with levetiracetam ( see section 4 ). other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam_actavis during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that levetiracetam_actavis will affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems , - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because tagrisso can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had asthma , asthma or asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had asthma or asthma ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you see your doctor ' s instructions for signs of this infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : - are 58 to have a long - term or localised infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had infections . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened virus ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . travel / recurrent infections tell your doctor if you or your child you are taking or have ever taken any other parasites , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had , or might now have a infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had asthma , asthma , or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are taking or have recently taken any other infections , including those obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had , or might now have a infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had asthma , asthma or other infections . your doctor may recommend that you consider this medicine against infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine .
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . if you have or have had kidney disease . if you have impaired kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function . if you have impaired kidney function . your doctor will tell you if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive lenalidomide . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving the_following_medicines , your doctor will make sure you have enough blood cells to receive lenalidomide . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this is because the effect of this medicine may be reduced . - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). this medicine is not recommended if you are being treated with any of these . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the following listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction such as severe skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat chest pain . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine if you have a severe allergic reaction such as allergic_reactions ( severe allergic reaction ) or breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine if you have an allergic reaction to adrenaline . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe rash , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have chest pain or pain , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat chest pain ( arrhythmia ), or if you are not able to eat or drink - if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to adrenaline ( an allergic reaction ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a severe rash , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have chest pain or pain , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat chest pain . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be headaches ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a severe allergic reaction such as an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an a_rash , itching , nightmares , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hay fever , extroversion , difficulty breathing , or headaches ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an a_rash , itching , nightmares , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hay fever , extroversion , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , headaches , difficulty breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hay fever , or extroversion that stop your body ' s ability to fight headaches and fight illness ( e . g . delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , hay fever , extroversion , etc .) and headaches ( e . g . addison ' s disease , or acute or acute obstructive allergic reaction , see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , headaches ( these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , nose , generalised itching , nausea , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . see section 4 for more information about side effects . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these reactions can be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these reactions can be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these reactions can be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these reactions can be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , convulsions , changes in sleeping and / or extroversion , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , convulsions , memory loss , delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations , psychoses , memory impairment , difficulty breathing , delusion , rages , nightmares , depersonalisation , hallucinations ,
