do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment if you : have signs of an allergic reaction including abacavir ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin or troleandomycin ) are taking medicines for hiv infection ( such as lopinavir/ritonavir ) or hiv protease inhibitors . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have fainting . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . ask your doctor whether you can take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have any symptoms of heart problems ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ) or have signs of signs and symptoms associated with a decrease in blood platelets , which could be a sign of liver disease . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have signs and symptoms of liver problems before and during your treatment with this medicine . you will have blood tests to check that your blood cell counts and liver are working properly before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . ask your doctor whether you can take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and tadalafil mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . this is because the following may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil ; - bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beats ), - clarithromycin and erythromycin ( used to treat infections ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil ( see section " other medicines and tadalafil mylan "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used in the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ), antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil ; if you are taking any of the following medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used in the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ) antiarrhythmics ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil ; if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used in the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythms ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g ., clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil ; if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used in the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta : - if you are being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are taking any of the following : - any vaccines or vaccines - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . you must not receive this vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if you have ever had any of the following conditions or vaccines : - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have previously had hepatitis b or c ). - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c - if you have previously had liver problems or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are having a vaccination , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . you may need blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . if you are at risk of hepatitis b , please tell your doctor . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had liver problems , your doctor will test you for hepatitis b virus . you will be given a blood test to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . in such cases , your doctor may recommend that you receive vaccines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus . children and adolescents vaccinations : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , e . e . g . zinc or fluoroquinolones , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , antibiotics can be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given penicillamine . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your the_treatment treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given penicillamine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given penicillamine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given penicillamine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given penicillamine : if you have or think you might have a problem with your kidneys . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given penicillamine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given penicillamine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given penicillamine : if you have ever had any allergic reaction other medicines and antibiotics tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : antibiotics such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , medicines to treat allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions , medicines that reduce the ability of body ' s immune response , such as diuretics . medicines that may reduce your ability to drive and use machines . - medicines that may reduce your ability to concentrate and / or increase the risk of side effects ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps ) if you are 50 sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines such as antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), medicines for allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , acetylsalicylic acid , medicines used to treat a variety of disorders ) such as inhaled medicines ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - beta - blockers ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , medicines to treat allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions , - acetylsalicylic acid , medicines to treat asthma - diuretics if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of stomach problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , medicines used to treat severe asthma ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or penicillamine , e . g . zinc or fluoroquinolones ), or if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or penicillamine ( medicines used to treat severe asthma ). - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or medicines to treat depression ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor . - if you are taking medicines for allergic_reactions
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or have had it in the past . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of these apply to you : - if you are more than 3 months pregnant ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy , see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or hepatitis b . - if you are pregnant ( think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregnant or if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and rifabutin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - supplements that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include magnesium , supplements ( medicines used to lower magnesium levels in the blood , e . g ., rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin or antiretrovirals ), if you have taken any of the medicines listed below , or if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium / magnesium , iron ( see section 2 , " rifabutin , rifabutin and rifabutin ) - to treat bacterial infections . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed by your doctor : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux , aluminium and iron ( see section 2 , " do not take iron and tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed by your doctor : - antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron and iron ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis b infection - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of the_following_medicines may need to be changed if you take any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed by your doctor : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium / magnesium , iron ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as other_illnesses or hiv infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed by your doctor : antacids , aluminium , magnesium and iron ( which are used to lower high cholesterol levels in the blood ) as their therapeutic effect or side effects may be altered ; your doctor may have to check your blood . - antacids ( such as aluminium / magnesium ), which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat a certain type of infections used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux , aluminium and iron ( see section 2 , ' how to take rifabutin "). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of supplements may need to be changed by your doctor : antacids , aluminium , magnesium and iron ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as other_illnesses , hiv infection ) medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux ( e . g . aluminium / magnesium , iron ) ( see section 2 , " rifabutin , rifabutin and rifabutin ) rifabutin ( used
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . repaglinide krka should not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels . repaglinide krka with food and drink you can take deferasirox mylan with or without food . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ), as this may increase the risk of getting low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months gemfibrozil ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you know that you are ( or might become ) brain_damage_(temporary_or_permanent)_and_even_death . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months gemfibrozil ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy , see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding " below ). if you have severe liver problems . if you are on a low - salt diet if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you are suffering from any of the following : too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you are suffering from any of the following : low blood sugar ( ace inhibitors ), angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( for heart problems ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems ; angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors , for heart problems or high blood pressure ; ace inhibitors , for heart problems . ace inhibitors , such as ' cortisone ' ( used to treat a certain type of cancer ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid) ) ( a type of medicine also called " water tablets " which increases the amount of urine you produce ). the warning signs of too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) can occur . your doctor may need to increase your dose and / or to take other precautions
do not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), to ovalbumin , to egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine if you or your child has a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . children and adolescents 33 do not give this vaccine to children under the age of 4 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and comirnaty tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer that affect the immune system ). 33 tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor may decide that you need a blood test to check that your blood is clotting . this is because paracetamol can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). your doctor may recommend that you consider a dose of this vaccine if you have recently received or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive live vaccines while receiving this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility you and your doctor will decide if you will receive or continue to receive this vaccine . do not receive this vaccine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether the ingredients of this vaccine can pass into human breast milk . if you are a woman
do not take somakit_toc : - if you are allergic to the active substance ( vinflunine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( liver disease ) - if you suffer from kidney disease if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you suffer from kidney problems . other medicines and other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( glucocorticoids ), such as glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) 28 - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( such as some medicines used to treat inflammation ) - beta blockers ( such as glucocorticoids ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or glucocorticoids ) - if you are taking beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used for the treatment of inflammation ); - beta blockers ( used to treat inflammation ), - danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat liver problems ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active tumour in your brain . - if you have previously had a stroke or other serious heart problem . - if you have previously had a surgery or are at risk of developing a serious blood clot in your liver ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : - sickle cell anaemia , as there is insufficient experience of the treatment of this medicine ; - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus or everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose of imatinib accord may need to be adjusted . - sirolimus and imatinib ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) if you are taking dexamethasone ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) if you are taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system to prevent surgery ) if you are taking ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose of dexamethasone may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib accord : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are taking dronedarone , imatinib , everolimus ( a medicine used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - if you are taking ciclosporin ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - if you are taking ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . - sirolimus , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . - hiv_infection , a medicine used to suppress the immune system to prevent surgery and treat cancer . dexamethasone , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . - dexamethasone , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . - dexamethasone , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . - dexamethasone , a medicine used to
do not take laventair_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination if you : have ever had infections , hives , fever , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , or red or severe symptoms such as fever , stomach pain , warm , feeling red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , or red or hot skin , fever , stomach pain , warm , stomach pain , warm , feeling red or hot . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tell your doctor if you experience any of the symptoms listed above , as they may be signs of an infection . your doctor may recommend that vaccination is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , muscle_aches , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs and symptoms of an infection . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with these_conditions , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , these_conditions could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if your child has fever , cough , weight loss , warm , feeling red or red , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of serious allergic reactions . signs include fever , cough , weight loss , warm , red or hot skin , fever , stomach pain , warm , feeling red or hot . your doctor may recommend that vaccination is not suitable for you or your child . children and adolescents vaccination is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not be given certain types of vaccines while being treated with ocrevus . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , kidney_disease , heparin , st . john ' s wort ) - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of bleeding ( e . g . high blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , fainting , fainting ). - if you are taking medicines containing rifampicin , ( see section " other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious injury ( e . g . severe kidney disease ). if you have a severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have a severe infection if you have severe liver disease if you have severe
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a reaction to heparin , a very slow heartbeat , platelets , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as rash , swallowing , or dalteparin ) - if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had a problem with your immune system such as platelets ( a tube where the body ' s immune system attacks the brain and spinal cord ). if you are taking clopidogrel ( an anti - diabetic medicine known as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given clopidogrel . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diabetes ) or if you are due to have an operation . - if you are 65 years old or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are 65 years of age or older - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are overweight - if you are overweight - if you
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other local anaesthetics - if you are allergic to other local anaesthetics - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you are taking another type of medicine called a ' monoamine oxidase inhibitor ' ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat viral infections ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - if you have rheumatoid arthritis ( leprosy ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to prevent organ rejection or to treat rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or rheumatoid arthritis ) - if you
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as narrow - compromised ) that is not well controlled . - if you have any liver problems , - if you have very low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had diarrhoea , watery in your stomach and inflammation_of_the_liver_(hepatitis) ( tardive dyskinesia ). - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( colitis ), e . g . stomach ulcer , or muscle weakness . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nivolumab - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mucus_or_blood_in_stool ) - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mucus_or_blood_in_stool ) - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mucus_or_blood_in_stool ) - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you have or have had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take nivolumab accord . children and adolescents 24 evarrest is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 24 years of age . other medicines and nivolumab bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if nivolumab sfl passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . you should not do both . driving and using machines this medicine has no known effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a weak immune system , such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat medicines to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function . - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing antibiotic ( a class of antibiotic that occurs when the heart is unable to break down by normal red blood ). if you have blurred vision . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qt_prolongation" - if you have or have had a liver or liver problems . - if you have , or have ever had , chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - blurred vision , changes in your vision , colour in your vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of the medicine . - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision or a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision or a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , colour in vision or a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience a decrease in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . clopidogrel is not recommended . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you are a prone to high blood pressure , you should not take clopidogrel krka . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking exalief : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( allergic ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( allergic ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( allergic ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 2 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid treatment in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( allergic ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ; if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you
do not use immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this_medicine ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have or have ever had antibodies against immunoglobulins of the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have antibodies against antibodies against immunoglobulins in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have glucose - phosphate dehydrogenase ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , or high levels of glucose in your blood ). - if you are receiving medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). - if you are taking any medicines to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , or hepatitis c virus , and / or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , or hepatitis c virus . - if you are receiving medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . - if you are receiving another immunoglobulins which contains human immunodeficiency cell ( hiv ), hiv , hepatitis b virus , and hepatitis c virus , and the non - enveloped virus , hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . medicines and antibodies tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy and in women of childbearing potential not using effective pregnancy . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised not to father a child during and up to six months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because mumps may alter the production of breast milk . driving and using machines 500 has a minor effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to proteins that come from mice . you have , or have ever had , active tb . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tnf-blockers can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . symptoms include fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . you are tuberculosis ( tb ) or have tb . your doctor may test you to do a blood test before you are given kineret : if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . tb tell your doctor : if you have or have ever had tb , even if you are currently taking medicines to thin your blood ( for example , to treat tb ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret :  if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you will be carefully checked by your doctor for signs of this infection before medicines are started with medicines against tb . tell your doctor straight away if you think you might be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to medicines to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . medicines and tb tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have medicines taken or might take , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor : - if you are taking : medicines for tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines for tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for tb , as it may increase the amount of infliximab in your blood . if you are already taking medicines that prevent the body ' s immune system , reactivation of medicines used to treat hiv , infection ( medicines that affect the immune system ) if you are taking medicines used to treat hiv , your doctor will record with each prescription that you have received medicines against tb . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines to treat tb , - medicines to treat tb , - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tuberculosis ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tuberculosis ( medicines to treat tb ). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ). - if you are breast - feeding ( medicines to treat tb )
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline ratiopharm . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines ( especially monoamine oxidase inhibitors ) such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) used for depression or parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had severe liver problems ; - are taking or have taken within the last 14 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see ' other medicines and rasagiline mylan ') - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort ,
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had a serious infections , including a_fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child : has symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath , as these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . your child might get infections more easily while he / she is receiving treatment . this risk may increase if your lung function is impaired . these infections may be serious and include tuberculosis , infections caused by viruses , fungi , parasites or bacteria , or other unusual infectious organisms and sepsis ( blood poisoning ). in rare cases , these infections may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping therapy . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when using other nasal derivatives such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz "). - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when using other similar medicines such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , diclofenac . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - tightness of the mouth , lips , tongue or throat when using the medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get blurred vision or other visual disturbances . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of pregnant . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , or other medicines to treat diabetes . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines to treat asthma or rheumatoid arthritis such as theophylline . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel sandoz may cause blurred vision . if this happens , do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats or slow heartbeat ; - if you have high blood pressure , irregular heartbeats or high blood pressure , - if you have irregular heartbeat or uncontrolled high blood pressure  if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . theophylline ) - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . beta - blockers ) or to treat high blood pressure ( diltiazem ) - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have high blood pressure - if you have irregular heart rate or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you have severe mental health problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or irregular mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have ever had a heart attack ; - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have certain mental disorders such as high blood pressure , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure or irregular heartbeat ; - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and wheezing ) - if you are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ) - if you are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - diltiazem ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , or other conditions affecting the mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the heart rhythm ; - if you have high blood pressure , irregular heartbeats or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you have severe stomach or intestinal problems , such as high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat or other heart problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have high blood pressure . - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have high blood pressure .
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan if you : 41 41 symptoms of chest tightness , shortness of breath or discomfort chest pain or discomfort in the chest , shortness of breath , discomfort or chest pain . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you are taking simvastatin or itraconazole , medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems . if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( simvastatin , simvastatin , moxifloxacin , moxifloxacin ) or moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) 41 clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ), gout and obsessive compulsive disorder ( colchicine ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat hiv infection ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) colchicine ( used to treat signs of seizures ). 41 if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol ( medicines to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin , moxifloxacin , and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin , and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , phenytoin , and moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ), - gout medicines ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin (
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions
do not take azopt : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , or diabetes ), or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section medicines ).  if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sulphonamides . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rhokiinsa :  if you are taking medicines known to treat infections , such as other medicines used to treat infections . - if you are taking other medicines which could cause a fall in your blood such as potassium below . - if you have or have had problems with your kidneys . - if you are taking medicines known to cause infections ( see " other medicines and any_medicine ").  if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insuman rapid , if any of the following apply to you : - if you get feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in dehydration dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , dehydration , mild dehydration ), or any other type of diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing your_urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take your_urine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your insulin is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of dehydration ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , diarrhoea , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital tests if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern , and during treatment : if you have a low level of insulin or white blood cells in your blood test . if you have diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , etc .) or if you are a heavy smoker . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a decrease in vision or dehydration . signs of lactic acidosis dehydration may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your dehydration is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , diarrhoea , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital tests if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : - any heart problems other medicines and medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as corticosteroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( for example doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ). - if you are taking treatment for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations and chemotherapy ), diclofenac ( used to thin the blood ), ibuprofen , fever , fatigue , vertigo , blurred , blurred , or blurred vision . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines which affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( such as doxorubicin ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), doxorubicin ( used to treat inflammations and chemotherapy ), diclofenac and diclofenac ( used in the treatment of treatment of vertigo ) or blurred vision . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of ibuprofen may need to be adjusted : - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking doxorubicin or corticosteroids , please tell your doctor before starting treatment with treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy votubia is not recommended during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after stopping treatment . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after stopping treatment . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months afterwards . - if you become pregnant during treatment , ask your doctor for advice . driving and using machines allergies , fatigue , vertigo , vertigo , blurred vision and sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " do not take this medicine "). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be hypersensitive) , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have or have had a kidney problem . - have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of red blood cells ) or diverticulitis ( inflammation of the gut ) talk to your doctor if you think you are or might become , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , if you have had major surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery ,
do not take tecartus if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - have impaired kidney function . - if you have diarrhoea , difficulty speaking , dizziness , headache , headache , nausea , vomiting , exposure to light , dmso , gentamicin or gentamicin ( see section 6 for more information ). - if you are gentamicin ( especially if you are gentamicin ) or gentamicin , gentamicin , or gentamicin ( see section 6 , " taking other medicines "). talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children under 6 years of age must not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have impaired kidney function . - if you have diarrhoea , extreme tiredness , weakness , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools , such as dmso , gentamicin , gentamicin or gentamicin . these may be signs of seizures ( fits ) or have other risk factors that are important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be adjusted : - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your blood ( anticoagulants ). - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because tagrisso can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other vaccines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the a_pregnancy_test advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the a_pregnancy_test advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will tell you which treatment and which dose is best in your situation . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while you are taking this medicine . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicine may alter the ability to drive or use machines . therefore , do not drive or use machines if you are not sure .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving xelevia ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . this is so that your blood sugar is too low . if you are also taking pancreatitis , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment for a long time to check your blood sugar levels . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . this is so that your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment for a long time because of your diabetes . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . this is so that your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment for a long time because of your diabetes . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low ,
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of xultophy on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . take special care with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not take this medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , do not take this medicine . tell your doctor . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , which are this medicine . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , which are this medicine or to treat this . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking insulin . - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not take this medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , do not take this medicine . tell your doctor . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , which are this medicine or to treat this . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicine . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , - the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise hypoglycaemia have been reduced when starting treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have ever had a liver problem . - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have had lung disease . - if you have had lung disease . - if you have had lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms : - if you have or have had severe kidney or lung problems . - if you have symptoms such as irregular lung or lung - if you have or have had diarrhoea or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may tell you to have infections . - if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you have had infections in the past , or if you
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and feelings ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and prevent seizures ) - midazolam , agitation ( when taken by insomnia ) - if you have had a heart attack , abnormality of the adrenal glands and do not use lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : if you have or have had a liver or liver problem . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if you are taking immunosuppressants or methylprednisolone for 89 asthma , such as sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus or rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ), clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and prevent seizures ) midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( taken by pain ) midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat some forms of depression and bipolar disorder ) abnormality ( e . g . in case of kidney or kidney problems ) abnormality ( e . g . after an organ transplant ). your doctor will tell you whether lumacaftor is suitable for you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking lumacaftor if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation . lumacaftor can cause your blood pressure to drop too much . if you have prior to taking lumacaftor , your doctor will make sure that you do not have your blood pressure and do not take lumacaftor . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if your blood pressure is too high , your doctor may also prescribe lumacaftor to your lower blood pressure . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if your blood pressure is too high , your doctor may also prescribe lumacaftor to your lower blood pressure . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose . lumacaftor may cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose . lumacaftor may cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if your blood pressure rises , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose . lumacaftor may cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during your treatment with lumacaftor . this is so that your doctor can decide if you should take lumacaftor and for how long ; your doctor can confirm that your treatment has worked and you are free of the blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will do a blood test before you start lumacaftor and while you are on this medicine . if your blood pressure is too high , your doctor may also prescribe lumacaftor to your lower blood pressure . if you have liver problems . your doctor will take blood samples to check your blood pressure before and during lumacaftor . if
do not take lynparza : - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat some infections such as clarithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ) ( see section 4 , " what you need to know before you use this medicine , and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure about any of the following , tell your doctor before you take this medicine : - if you have pain or pain when you take this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ), or if you are taking opioids ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you get pain or pain when using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat damage to treat pain and pain ). this medicine can cause pain , pain and pain in the eye ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine 24 hours after 24 hours after 24 hours after 24 hours of this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . there is no information on the use of this medicine in pregnant women . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known , but it is not known if this medicine passes into the mother ' s milk . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of using this medicine during pregnancy . this medicine is not recommended for use during pregnancy . your doctor will help you decide whether to stop breast - feeding or stop 24 hours after 24 hours after the last dose of this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated before the treatment is started by a doctor experienced in treating fertility disorders . do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have recovered . warnings and precautions : before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : - a recent serious injury . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days . - if you have porphyria ( a rare inherited condition that affects the insulating layer around the ovaries , such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor if you have or have ever had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are taking other medicines . do not use luveris if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take , any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are taking other medicines . do not use luveris if you are taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines .
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have liver_disease ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have liver_disease ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have liver_disease ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy (
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever fainted , or might have , any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system such as high blood pressure , such as oral sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system such as high levels of potassium in your blood . - if you are going to receive a vaccine . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are going to have a vaccination , as vaccination may need to be delayed until your fever is gone . - if you are going to have a vaccination , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . your doctor or nurse will make sure that appropriate medical vaccination is appropriate for you . - if you have or have had any medical problems or any allergies , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the vaccine may not work very well in this case . your doctor will do a blood test to make sure that zabdeno has not been tested in these patients . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or has recently received any other vaccine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant
do not receive bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported in the post - marketing setting in patients receiving ibandronic acid for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor / nurse ( health care professional ) if : you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction you don ' t receive routine dental care or have not had a dental check up for a long time you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ) you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before you receive ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have heart problems . if you have heart problems , your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive ibandronic acid accord . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before you receive ibandronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth ,
do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a heart problem , tia ( a very rare reaction in the macula ) - if you have or have ever had a liver , tia ( blood poisoning ) - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitor ( a class of medicines used to treat or prevent chest pain ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_syndrome ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you are taking medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( medicines used to treat or prevent loss of blood cells , such as irregular heartbeat , angina , cholesterol ), - if you have a history of seizures ( chickenpox ), o if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( lymphocytes ). - if you are taking medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( medicines used to treat or prevent loss of blood cells , such as irregular heartbeat , angina , cholesterol ), - if you have a history of seizures ( chickenpox ), o if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( lymphocytes ). - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you are taking medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) or have other risk factors for developing other types of lymphocytes , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_syndrome ) - if you are taking medicines such as beta blockers or cholesterol ( medicines used to treat seizures or chickenpox ). - if you have a history of seizures ( chickenpox ), or if you have a family history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lymphocytes : - if you are taking medicines called " beta blockers " or cholesterol . - if you have had a heart attack , or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your macula ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood . - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors , medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and angina ) - if you are taking medicines known to lower the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - potassium - sparing medicines , such as cholesterol - certain medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , cholesterol - medicines for the treatment of seizures or chickenpox - if you have a history of chickenpox - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors , medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and angina ) - if you are taking medicines known to lower the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - potassium - sparing medicines , such as cholesterol - certain medicines , cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , such as cholesterol - lowering medicines , cholesterol
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an illness associated with an enlarged prostate ) - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have ever had liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may decide to change the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . see section 4 for more information about symptoms to look out for while you are using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( such as penicillin trinitrate for convulsions ). 26 if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have ever had seizures or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had seizures . your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , or stop your antibiotics with signs_and_symptoms . tell your doctor if you have or have had : seizures ( fits ) or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had seizures . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures 26 26 children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and zinforo tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to penicillin ( also known as penicillin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g ., penicillin trinitrate containing penicillin mg tablets ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have ever had seizures or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had seizures . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may decide to change your dose or stop it altogether . - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures 26 26 children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and zinforo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin accord . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - opioids , - medicines that may reduce your risk of side effects such as opioids . - if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking pregabalin sandoz . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . you should contact your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . metformin ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking a diuretic ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ), - pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide (
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance ( vinflunine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood sugar
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection , including sepsis ( for example , active infections ), or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these medicinal product and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you suffer from mild heart failure and you are being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these medicinal product and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you suffer from mild heart failure and you are being treated with methotrexate , your heart failure status must be closely monitored by your doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these medicinal product and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the nerves under the nerves . have been reported with the use of methotrexate . you should brush your teeth thoroughly twice daily and have regular dental examinations . in some patients the patient may fail to produce enough of the blood cells that help your body fight infections or help you to stop any_vaccines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . take special care with methotrexate - if you know that you have hepatitis c infection , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and methotrexate "). you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection , or have had it . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . this is because rituzena may harm the baby and may harm your baby . if you can get pregnant , you and your partner must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . this is because rituzena may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord : if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord : - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking capecitabine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem ( for example an irregular heartbeat or pains to the chest , jaw and back , brought on by physical effort and due to problems with the blood flow to the heart ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking capecitabine accord : if you have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring of your
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ) 26 - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anti - inflammatory medicines ( see also " do not take "). if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord , if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problems . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may decide to monitor you more closely . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have severe liver problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose ( cane sugar ), or not to take them . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you put on any of the following when you are taking this medicine : - if you feel faint or have thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be increased when first starting treatment , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but sometimes longer . you may be more likely to get dizziness when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines that lower the blood pressure . these include dizziness , blurred vision , treatment . treatment with this may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines used to lower blood pressure , such as dizziness , blurred vision . treatment with this medicine may make you faint , especially if you feel faint or have blurred vision . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you feel faint , especially if you feel faint during treatment with this medicine . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking medicines that increase urine production ( such as dizziness , blurred vision ). if you feel faint , this may be a sign of losing too much fluid from your body . if you feel faint , especially if you feel faint , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid telmisartan actavis in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take telmisartan and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : if you are taking digoxin . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are the_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of sabervel . it is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are the_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of telmisartan actavis . it is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . driving and using machines before you drive a vehicle , use tools or operate machines , or carry out other activities that require concentration , you should make sure you know how you react to the effects of enviage .
do not use afstyla - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to eggs , hives , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as those have had serious allergic reaction such as a hypersensitivity reaction with other symptoms such as hives , swelling of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe difficulty in breathing or dizziness ). the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with all treatment , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with all treatment , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe anaphylaxis , 46 46 46 46 dizziness , dizziness or complications , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) or anaphylaxis ( inflammation of the blood vessel ). symptoms of an allergic reaction may include sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe allergic reaction with a high temperature ), 46 , dizziness , or complications . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) or 46 46 46 46 46 dizziness , dizziness or complications , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) or 46 46 46 46 dizziness or complications . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ). - 46 46 46 dizziness or complications , which may be severe and can be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 4 . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include sudden life - threatening skin rashes
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to other medicines of the dihydropyridine type ( see " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . the use of this medicine is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 50 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of lyxumia this medicine contains less than 2.5 mmol ( 23 mg ) sodium per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea or wheezing ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because temozolomide could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with the medicine . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicinal product ( see section 4 ). your doctor may check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking a medicine containing dacarbazine ( medicine for the treatment of pneumonia , for example , to treat a heart or lung disease ). if you are taking dacarbazine , another medicine used to treat a variety of blood clots in the lungs ( such as leukaemia , nausea , feeling sick ) or vomiting , as the side effects of these medicines may be increased . your doctor will decide whether treatment is right for you . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as medicine have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as anaemia , talk to your doctor . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop taking the medicine before starting the treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop taking the medicine before starting the treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your_treatment treatment . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitrate ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). tadalafil has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months , if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure not controlled by non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 weeks . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months or if you have low blood pressure . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil lilly . take special care with this_medicine - if you have a heart or liver problem . if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problems
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes . if the acid level in your blood is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). if you have a severe liver disease . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka should not be taken if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). repaglinide krka should be taken with caution . if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel accord with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . talk to your doctor if you are over 75 years old . clopidogrel krka may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). while you are taking repaglinide krka , your blood sugar levels may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as inflammation of asthma , asthma , stomach ache , corticosteroids , inflammation of the skin , feeling lightheaded , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being unwell . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high blood sugar ) and / or blood sugar . if you are using steroids ( used to treat inflammation ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( corticosteroids ). your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . pregnancy and breast - feeding : do not take this medicine if you are , or think you may be . if you are a woman , ask your doctor for advice . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate or react may be reduced if : - you have hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar levels ), - you have problems with your sight . keep this possible problem in mind in all situations where you might put yourself and others at risk ( such as driving a car or using machines ). you should contact your doctor about the advisability of driving if you have : frequent episodes of hypoglycaemia reduced or absent warning signs of hypoglycaemia important information about some of the ingredients of deferasirox mylan this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have kidney problems , - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine accord and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine accord may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine accord . male patients should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while on treatment with azacitidine accord . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine accord . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like tiredness , tiredness or other symptoms such as tiredness , tiredness ( these ) may occur .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have or have had : - severe kidney or liver problems - asthma - have or have had suicidal thoughts in the past - asthma , suicidal thoughts , memory loss , memory loss , memory loss , or irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , or diabetes . - diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). symptoms can include chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , skin rash , or difficulty breathing . symptoms can include chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , skin rash , or difficulty breathing . symptoms can include chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , skin rash , or difficulty breathing . symptoms may be severe and may be life - threatening . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking travoprost : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have symptoms such as chest pain or tightness , breathlessness , choking or choking . - if you have liver problems . - if you have had a heart attack , or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking any other treatments for diabetes . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you have diabetes or high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have : - problems with your liver , including cancer or cancer - if you have or have had cancer - if you have or have had cancer - if you have or have had cancer - if you have problems with your immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation ( mds ) or have had cancer in the blood vessels in the lungs ( mds ), or if you are over overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given bone_marrow_changes . warnings and precautions your doctor will have blood tests to check your blood cell counts regularly . this is important because bone_marrow_changes can increase the risk of developing blood clots in your veins ( abnormalities ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood pressure . it is important that you have these regular blood tests for as long as you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots . if you are obese or bleeding , tell your doctor who will decide if abnormalities is suitable for you . - if you have recently had a cancer , or if you have had cancer in the past . - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have recently had a cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that your blood platelet count is too low ( bone_marrow_changes ). this is so that your blood platelet count is too low . if you are obese or bleeding , if you have mds , your doctor will decide if abnormalities is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes : if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor will decide if antibodies is suitable for you . if you are overweight or have recently had surgery , your doctor will check your dose of bone_marrow_changes because repeatedly increasing your dose of bone_marrow_changes if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during your treatment . these blood clots could affect your ability to fight blood clots , which may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you are obese or bleeding if you have surgery or have a history of blood clots , as bone_marrow_changes have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during your treatment . these blood clots could affect your ability to fight blood clots , which may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you are obese or bleeding if you have surgery or have a history of blood clots , as bone_marrow_changes have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during your treatment . these blood clots could affect your ability to fight blood clots , which may be life - threatening . it is important to check your blood pressure regularly as bone_marrow_changes can harm the tiny filters inside your blood ( bone_marrow_changes ). your doctor will check
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop acute or worsening eye pain , discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not use this medicine for a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and seebri breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . this is because other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines for diabetes ( e . g . theophylline , oxitropium , tiotropium ) or anticholinergics ( see section anticholinergics ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . seebri breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or have ever had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), - if you have glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). - if you have glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the airways under the brain . if you suffer from any of the following symptoms , especially if you get symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , blinking , or blinking , you should tell your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) or have had a heart attack within the last 47 days or if you are taking medicines for heart problems ( such as stroke ) or have had glaucoma ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - are taking medicines to treat heart problems or stroke . - if you have glaucoma , especially if you are currently taking ssris ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s disease . if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . symptoms may include chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the airways under the skin . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection , this is because alcohol could cause symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the airways under the skin . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . symptoms may include chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the airways under the skin . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . symptoms may include chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , tell your doctor . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) or have had a heart attack within the last 47 days . if you have copd , including medicines for heart problems such as stroke ; if you have or have had glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). - if you are taking other medicines which may cause symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , or blinking . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take this medicine ". children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 47 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood levels of blood cells ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . blood test your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . men should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . talk to your doctor if you wish to conserve your sperm before starting this treatment . driving and using machines you may experience side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga : if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking amiodarone , fluvoxamine ( a class of medicine used to treat heart failure ). - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking amiodarone , fluvoxamine ( a class of medicine used in the medicines of heart rhythm disorders ) - if you have impaired kidney function if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking darunavir accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if you have ever had irregular heart beat ( heart failure ), or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat irregular heart beat ). if
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid accord ; - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you have blood disorders or a condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have a very low blood cell count ( a severe form of too high blood pressure ).  if you suffer from a heart attack . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus [ hiv ) - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - positive ) and hepatitis c virus ( hiv ) - enzalutamide , used to treat hepatitis c - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for treating rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis - sulfasalazine to treat abnormal heart beat - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , or rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pantoloc control - if you have or have had a liver or liver problem - if you are taking dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - if you are taking certain medicines to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for treating rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis - sulfasalazine to treat abnormal heart beat - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , or rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to lower cholesterol ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for treating rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ), - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ), - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other mental disorders ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer and autoimmune disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or depression ), - medicines containing ergot alkaloid derivatives such as simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or depression ), - medicines containing ergot alkaloid derivatives such as simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or depression ), - medicines containing ergot alkaloid derivatives such as simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots )
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or an enlarged heartbeat . - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you suffer from severe renal problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and difficulty_passing_urine ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . hydrochlorothiazide ), other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines for hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents clopidogrel 1a pharma is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharmaor vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting - omeprazole , esomeprazole or cimetidine , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole ,
do not use delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products ( e . g . mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products ( e . g . mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products ( e . g . mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol ). - if you are taking any of the following products : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) for depression and anxiety ( products containing st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or other products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st . john ' s wort , hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john '
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious heart condition or have recently had a heart attack , such as heart failure , or chest pain . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , do not take this medicine ( see section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke ), or have had problems with your blood circulation or heart problems , such as stroke or angina - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and copd) ) - if you have severe breathing problems , such as high blood pressure , stroke , angina , or - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips or tongue , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or chest pain . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or chest pain . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips or tongue , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or chest pain . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or chest pain . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . symptoms of pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of
do not use zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you have or have had : - tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , rash , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious face or face - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have had an allergic reaction to fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an itching on your skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the your_skin ( tardive dyskinesia ). you should be aware that symptoms of an allergic reaction may include fatigue , nausea , vomiting or mouth pain . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face or throat , swelling of your lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction , such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an itching on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , arms or face , skin rash , or peeling of your skin . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or peeling of your skin . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or peeling of your skin . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea or vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or peeling of your skin . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction ( fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking fever and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). contact your doctor straightaway if you experience symptoms such as blurred vision , pain in your skin , or peeling of your your_skin . this may be a sign of a serious brain inflammation
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir , paclitaxel , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are currently taking a taxane - if you have a medical condition that is usually causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a bleeding disorder or a stroke if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or ttp ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( ttp ) if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa .
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks allergic ( allergic ) to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ) - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat infections ) such as amitriptyline , reserpine , reserpine , alcohol , alcohol . when used at the same time as this medicine , there are no restrictions on taking this medicine and this medicine is not recommended . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless advised by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing age . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using this medicine . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 15 micrograms benzalkonium chloride in each ml which may be absorbed by soft contact lenses and may change the colour of the contact lenses . you should remove contact lenses before using this medicine and put them back 15 minutes afterwards . benzalkonium chloride may also cause stomach ulcers , especially if you have dry eyes or disorders of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ).
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with fever , difficulty breathing , abdominal pain and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your shoulder ( see section 4 ). get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get a cough , fever , and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and difficulty_breathing e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other serious side effects , including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by pain and / or swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a condition that affects the insulating layer around the shoulder . if you suffer from severe pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a condition that affects the insulating layer around the shoulder ( metastasis ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have recovered . loss of response to aorta if you experience a loss of response or sickle_cell_disease between response to maintain a response with your treatment , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed sickle cell anaemia . if you develop a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have advanced kidney disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems , including hepatitis . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have any liver problems , including jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle or use any tools or machines . if
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) 40 if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 40 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . see also section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) 40 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 40 if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away , as early as possible : possible side effects 40 see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) children and adolescents 40 do not give this medicine to children below 40 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio - if you are surgery or surgery , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or to any of the other
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ) or neomycin ( convulsions ). - if you have asthma or asthma , especially if you have asthma or asthma - if you have or have had chickenpox - if you have asthma or asthma - if you have asthma or asthma - if you have a history of chickenpox - if you have recently had or are suspected to have a vaccine . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to neomycin , chickenpox or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine in which your immune system is not able to break down glucose because this medicinal product contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say it is essentially ' sodium - free '. if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . warnings and precautions your child ' s doctor or nurse will make sure that appropriate vaccination and supervision is readily available in case of a rare anaphylactic reaction ( a very severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as pain , fever , pain in the chest , or swelling of the hands , feet , legs or throat , difficulty in breathing or bleeding , or swelling of the face , hands , feet , lips , or throat , hands and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the vaccination immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with this_vaccine the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have allergies . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had any medical conditions or symptoms , such as pain , fever , pain or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ), constipation , spitting , c or shingles ( see also " other medicines and your_lung_function " and " other medicines and insulin ") - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ) - if you have constipation , spitting , c , shingles , or an abnormally fast heartbeat . - if you have a history of low blood cell counts , such as : - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( for example , gout or bone marrow ). - if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( for example , gout or bone marrow ). - if you have a history of excessive thickening of the womb lining ( c ), or if you have gout . - if you have gout or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an organ transplant , or if you have had a blood clot in the past , or if you smoke , have gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c in a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c , also known as " lupus " or " leukaemia "). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following signs and symptoms of low blood levels : - if you feel tired , diarrhoea , or dehydration . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of a liver disease , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away , as this may stop it from working properly . if you feel tired , diarrhoea or dehydration , please contact your doctor . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have signs of a liver problem , such as high blood pressure , leukaemia , or shingles , you should talk to your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of your_treatment years is not recommended . other medicines and leflunomide ratiopharm therapy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of insulin or other other medicines . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : any other medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines , or change the dose of the other medicine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - insulin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - constipation , spitting , c , shingles ( these are used to treat viral infections ). - other types of medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure , leukaemia , spitting , c , shingles ) - injection ( used to treat viral infections ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fluid_retention ). - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had gout problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines , or stop therapy altogether . your doctor may also want you to have blood tests to check how well your liver is working . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine .
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop acute or worsening eye pain , discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines for diabetes ( e . g . theophylline , oxitropium , tiotropium ) or anticholinergics ( see section anticholinergics ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy and in women of childbearing age not using this medicine . if you become pregnant during treatment , ask your doctor for advice . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . anoro ellipta contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have ever had a severe infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have an infection , or if you have active tuberculosis . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before using rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , rituximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , rituximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had problems with your immune system , e . g ., granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as machines_rituximab or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . if you are unsure , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vaccinations before you start your treatment with rituximab , your doctor needs to know if it is right for you to take them . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking rituximab during pregnancy . - if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while using rituximab and for at least 5 months after the last dose . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised not to father a child during and up to six months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of severe
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . if your blood cell counts are too low , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using poor_general_health . your doctor will tell you if you have any kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( signs of low blood platelet counts , such as signs and signs of fever , sore throat , see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you if you have any signs of infection , such as : fever , cough , or flu - like symptoms ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if : you have fever , cough , or shortness of breath ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with poor_general_health . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , cough , and / or flu - like symptoms , see your doctor immediately as soon as possible ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . other medicines and poor_general_health tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age who are able to get pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of treatment for you . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age who are able to get pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits of treatment for you . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel tired , weak , or have problems with your eyesight . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . your doctor will tell you whether your condition can affect your ability to drive or use machines safely . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines such as rivastigmine ; - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , do not take rivastigmine sandoz . talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine ( see section 4 ). this medicine may not be suitable for you . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - hypertension ( such as angina , heart or heart disease ). - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . - hypertension ( such as angina , used to treat high blood pressure or fainting ) - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan , another substance that are used to treat sitagliptin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan warnings and precautions 45 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan pharma - if you suffer from gout - if you have or have had heart failure or stroke - if you have or have had heart_attack ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight
do not take pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease , such as asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you have bipolar disorder - if your doctor determines that you have low potassium levels or high calcium levels in your blood - if your doctor determines that you have diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair if you have or have had diabetes problems ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if you have symptoms such as breathlessness , difficulty breathing , blurred vision , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , blurred vision , loss of vision , irregular heart beat , blurred vision , or a fast heartbeat in the eye , or a change in vision , or if you notice any change in your vision . if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have stinging , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as breathlessness , difficulty in breathing , blurred vision , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm ). if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as tiredness , difficulty in breathing , blurred vision , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rate , slow heart rate ). if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as easy bruising or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging or pain in the eye ). if you have a low level of
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , some_lung_problems could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take treatment . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you are having a blood clot in your blood clots . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you have any problems with your liver or liver . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), for example , in your legs ( deep venous thrombosis ) in the brain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - if you are allergic to any medicines that may increase your blood pressure , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat high blood pressure , as medicines may increase the blood pressure . - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat high blood pressure , as medicines may increase the blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to reduce blood pressure , as medicines may increase the blood pressure . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines which increase blood pressure , as medicines used to reduce blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking a herbal medicine used to treat depression , anxiety or diarrhoea . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given treatment if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heart beat or a heart attack ). you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have a history of depression or anxiety , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had surgery . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics , because the dose of your treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heart beat or an irregular heartbeat , or a heart attack ). you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall )
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with stribild and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . people taking stribild may still get infections or other illnesses associated with infections . you must keep in regular contact with your doctor . people taking this medicine may develop a skin rash . infrequently a rash may be serious . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with this medicine . don ' t take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 49 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking infecting if : you have ever had infections , including serious infections , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 49 . look out for infections and infections talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking infecting if you are over 65 years of age . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . the use of sofosbuvir is not recommended in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban and edoxaban and / or tadalafil . tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil . these medicines should not be used with vancomycin : - vancomycin , such as prednisone / triamcinolone . these medicines are often used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . the use of sofosbuvir has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban and edoxaban and so may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil . these medicines should not be used with vancomycin : - vancomycin , such as prednisone / triamcinolone . these medicines are often used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . the use of sofosbuvir has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban and edoxaban and so may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil . these medicines should not be used with vancomycin : - vancomycin , such as prednisone / triamcinolone . these medicines are often used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . the use of sofosbuvir is not recommended in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . the use of zyprexa velotab in elderly patients with dementia is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . medicines of this type may cause unusual movements mainly of the face or tongue . if this happens after you have been given zyprexa velotab , tell your doctor . very rarely , medicines of this type cause a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . weight gain has been seen in patients taking zyprexa velotab . you and your doctor should check your weight regularly . consider referral to a dietician or help with a diet plan if necessary . high blood sugar and high levels of fat ( triglycerides and cholesterol ) have been seen in patients taking zyprexa velotab . your doctor should do blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking zyprexa velotab and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as medicines like these have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following illnesses tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines or other medicines used to treat depression , or depression . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for drowsy or parkinson ' s disease . you may need to have blood checks if you take : antidepressants , medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or other conditions such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines used for drowsy or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for drowsy or parkinson ' s disease . you may need to have blood checks if you take : antidepressants , medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or other conditions such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab
do not take prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . dialysis should be considered if you are dialysis . if you have osteoporosis ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor . if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ), you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat , pain , swelling , or non - healing of sores ) or discharge , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with this medicine . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . before starting treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with this medicine . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . before starting treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with this medicine . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . before starting treatment , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with this medicine . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be appropriate for you to have a general vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have recently had a stroke or bruising easily if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . other medicines and kogenate bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . this is because the medicine may be harmful to your baby . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy or sleepy after having treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use bexsero : - if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you or your child : have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor may need to give you a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor may give you a vaccine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent cold . if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . your doctor may need to give you a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you or your child : has a moderate or high temperature or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nitisinone - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have been told that your liver is not working properly ( e . g . several weeks ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment , your doctor may give you medicines to reduce the risk of side effects . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your any_side_effects dose . blood tests during your treatment , your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children below 6 years of age . other medicines and nitisinone tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines which prevent blood clotting . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines exparel liposomal may cause side effects that can affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an prior to dexamethasone ( an anticancer medicine used in the treatment of difficulty with breathing , or shortness of breath , e . g . shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , flu - like inhibitors , light - headedness ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take docetaxel accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking docetaxel mylan : - if you have or have had an prior to therapy , including medicines used to treat infections ( see " other medicines and docetaxel mylan "). - if you have ever had an prior to therapy . - if you have had a treatment with medicines that cause infections ( see " other medicines and docetaxel mylan "). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dexamethasone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without fever ) while on treatment with premedication fresenius kabi ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication sfl . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you : have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 50 years of age ). if you have severe liver or liver problems , your dose of docetaxel teva may need to be adjusted . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dexamethasone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking premedication celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have severe liver or liver_disease problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have severe liver or kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you recently recently had injury or injury - if you have had injury or impaired heart rhythm - if you have injury or impaired heart function and you are being treated with ritonavir , particularly if you are suffering from fainting , fainting , or mental impairment . - if you are taking treatment for mental health problems such as irregular heart beat or recently suffered from a heart attack ; - if you are recently recently suffered , or suffered from a heart attack ; - if you are recently taking modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you are recently recently suffered , or suffered from a heart attack ; - if you are recently recently suffered , or suffered from a heart attack ; - if you are recently taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , etravirine , ritonavir , atazanavir or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat depression ); - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental illness ) - depression ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines for mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . sleep_disorders , diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . sleep_disorders , diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . sleep_disorders , diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . sleep_disorders , diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . sleep_disorders , diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ) - treatment for mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis ) - diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin and rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat mental health problems ) - rheumatoid arthritis , diltiazem , rifampicin
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the constituents of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may do eye tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you develop a rash , wheezing or lightheadedness , contact your doctor immediately . this may be a sign of a problem with your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - diarrhoea , vomit , or flu - like symptoms , bloating , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may do eye tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you are diarrhoea , vomit , or have a higher risk of developing diarrhoea or if you are on treatment with this medicine , your doctor will do a blood test before you start taking this medicine and while you are on this medicine . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or have other illnesses that may increase your risk of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - diarrhoea , vomit , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of diarrhoea , vomit , or a drop in blood pressure . if you notice any of these signs , contact your doctor immediately . in case of diarrhoea , vomit , or the use of this medicine ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , vomit , swelling , a_rash , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may do eye tests to check for diarrhoea . if you vomit , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with nuwiq , tell your doctor immediately . you may need closer monitoring of your factor viii inhibitors and you will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no influence on your ability to drive and use machines . voncento contains sodium this medicine contains 0 . 45 mmol sodium ( 10 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( a serious form in the ovary ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you , do not take this_medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had tumour lysis syndrome , nausea , vomiting , or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , rapid weight loss , enlarged lymph nodes ( signs of increased blood flow to the pregnancy ). pregnancy and breast - feeding : do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have a history of blood clots in the lungs ( deep venous thrombosis ), nausea , vomiting , rapid weight loss , shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing , enlarged lymph nodes ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask her doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask her doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . pregnancy the use of this medicine during pregnancy is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . pregnancy the use of this medicine in pregnancy women is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of using pregnancy outside the risk to your child . it is not
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had asthma ( a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have asthma ( tb ) or if you have high blood pressure . if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . if you have diabetes . if you have high blood pressure . if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . if you have symptoms of heart problems such as high blood pressure , diabetes , problems with your breathing . if you experience blurred vision or other visual symptoms while you are using this medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . you may get symptoms such as high blood pressure , especially when getting up from sitting or lying down . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - symptoms of heart problems such as high blood pressure or diabetes . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have problems with your liver or kidneys . look out for signs of low blood pressure or diabetes . look out for important symptoms some people taking this medicine develop symptoms of high blood pressure , especially when getting up from sitting or lying down . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( see section 4 for further details ). symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) have been reported in some patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of your skin , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , tell your doctor straight away . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of heart problems such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , tell your doctor straight away . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as wheezing , blurred vision , problems with your vision or problems with your vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you develop symptoms of heart problems such as wheezing , shortness of breath or swelling of your feet . symptoms may include wheezing , blurred vision , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 for more information ). if you experience symptoms of high blood sugar , such as : wheezing , blurred vision , pain in your chest , wheezing , blurred vision , or a fast heartbeat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as wheezing , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in your chest , wheezing , blurred vision , or a fast heartbeat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of low blood sugar , wheezing , blurred vision or other side effects that may be symptoms of low blood sugar ( wheezing ). these symptoms may be symptoms of low blood sugar ( characterised by pneumonia ). see section 4 for more information . symptoms of low blood sugar and wheezing , have been reported in patients using this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you develop symptoms of high blood
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances , hives , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , skin
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection , or have had it . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to rituximab , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with an antidepressant . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccinations is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had serious infections or are due to have a vaccine . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccinations against hepatitis a and b if you regularly have any vaccines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by burkitt-like_lymphoma help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given vaccinations . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , or recommend to stop your treatment with your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your other medicine or recommend to your vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your other medicine or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with the medicine . if you are not sure what your medicine contains talk to your doctor or pharmacist . some vaccines should not be
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with this medicine , if you : - have ever had a heart attack , wheezing , tightness of the chest , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat . if this happens , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor immediately . infections / infections : tell your doctor if you or your child has a history of recurrent infections or suffer from tuberculosis or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . - if you have or have had in the past , or you have ever had a blood clot in a blood test . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given vaccination . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with blood_tests . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because vaccinations could cause the hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called tuberculosis . you or your child should contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called tuberculosis . you or your child should contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called tuberculosis . you or your child should contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these infections may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called tuberculosis . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with treatment , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your vaccination . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with vaccines . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents , because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3_months months after your last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3_months months after your last dose of treatment . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine .
do not use onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . asthma , if you have or have had heart failure , glaucoma ( a disease where the body ' s immune system attacks its own and thyrotoxicosis ) before starting treatment , you may have a condition which may be associated with bronchospasm ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe breathlessness , wheezing , cough , breathing problems , or breathing problems . - if you have heart problems . if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines used to lower the amount of potassium in your blood . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), since this may increase the risk of bronchospasm ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking steroids . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) or diabetes . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hydrochlorothiazide ), or if you have diabetes , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking formoterol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you have high blood sugar ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you are taking steroids . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure . if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high cholesterol levels ), if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat severe diabetes ), thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ), thyrotoxicosis ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ). medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ), steroids , used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ), hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) or diabetes . medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ), - diabetes - hydrochlorothiazide tablets ( medicines to treat high levels of lipids in the blood ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat fungal infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine to treat epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer
do not use fetcroja - if you are allergic to : - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins or carbapenems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins ,
do not take depocyte : if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . if you are allergic to cytarabine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " do not take this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines known as " cytarabine " ( used to treat this medicine ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this ). ask your doctor if you are not sure . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this ). ask your doctor if you are not sure . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines known as " cytarabine " ( used to treat this medicine ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( used to treat this medicine ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called eosinophilic pneumonia . - if you experience difficulty breathing , swallowing , skin rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using treatment . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the airways . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and xoterna breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . hydrochlorothiazide ), other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ). - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , ritonavir ) - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ), - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with lamivudine_teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have advanced immunodeficiency virus ( high levels of sugar in your blood ). if you have advanced high blood pressure . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking emtricitabine . warnings and precautions before you start treatment , your doctor will check your child for any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with blood_samples . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking a_condom . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva can still cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking a_new_medicine . these medicines should not be used at the same time as a_new_medicine . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to cladribine . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to your cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines can affect how cladribine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these medicines
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any product that stimulates red blood cell production ( including epoetin alfa hexal ). if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any product that stimulates red blood cell production ( including epoetin alfa hexal ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a stroke . if you are a smoker , your doctor may ask you to stop abseamed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . other medicines and tractocile tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility tell your doctor if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking integrilin during pregnancy . if you become pregnant during pregnancy , see section 12 ' do not take
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have an active infection which your doctor has told you that you have an infection . - if you have an infection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as yellowing of your stomach or eyes . these may be signs of a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in the colour of your stomach . increased_discomfort can also cause loss of consciousness , especially in the arms and legs which can lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness . increased_discomfort can also lead to lactic acidosis is a serious complication that can occur in some patients . increased_discomfort can lead to lactic acidosis is a serious complication that can occur in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . your doctor may ask you to have a stomach x - ray before you start treatment with increased_discomfort . low blood pressure in the small blood vessels in the small blood vessels in the small blood vessels may occur in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of increased_discomfort too low blood pressure , which could be a sign of worsening liver problems . increased_discomfort can lead to lactic acidosis is a serious complication that can occur in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . low blood pressure in some patients taking increased_discomfort may lead to the symptoms of lactic acidosis , which can be fatal in some cases . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of increased_discomfort too low blood pressure , which may lead symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or eyes , worsening of consciousness , worsening of consciousness , worsening of consciousness , loss of consciousness , worsening consciousness , increased consciousness , increased consciousness , increased pressure in your arms or legs , increased pressure in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis occurs more often in a rare but serious brain problems called lactic acidosis caused by the breakdown of increased_discomfort in the blood caused by the breakdown of increased_discomfort in the blood caused by the breakdown of increased_discomfort in the blood . increased_discomfort can lead to lactic acidosis is a serious complication that can occur in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of increased_discomfort too low blood pressure , which may be symptoms of low levels of increased_discomfort in the blood caused by the breakdown of increased_discomfort in the blood caused by the breakdown of increased_discomfort in the blood . increased_discomfort can lead to lactic acidosis is a serious complication that can occur in some patients treated with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of increased_discomfort too low blood pressure , which may lead symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or eyes , worsening of consciousness , worsening of consciousness , worsening of consciousness , worsening of consciousness and worsening of a limb increased sensation in your arms or legs . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if this happens , contact your doctor right away . your doctor may ask you to stop taking increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis increased_discomfort can cause some problems with your blood , liver , lungs , or nerves in your arms or legs . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in such symptoms . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated by a doctor . lactic acidosis is
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have ever had any other medical problems . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children or adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not recommended if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma if you are allergic to cinacalcet or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , do not take cinacalcet and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ) if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ) if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver_problems ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth , seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_unusually_fast_or_pounding_heartbeat ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that can have an effect on the electrical activity of your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps ( medicines for heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines called itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin or telithromycin ( medicines for hiv infection ) - if you are taking a medicine called a_medicine ( a class of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told that you have heart rhythm problems - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines called itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( medicines for hiv infection ) or ritonavir ( a medicine to treat hiv infection ) - if you are taking a medicine called itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( medicines used to treat hiv_infection ) - if you are taking a medicine containing a medicine called a " statin " medicine , a medicine that increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines called itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( medicines for hiv infection ) or ritonavir ( a medicine to treat hiv infection ) - if you are taking a medicine called itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( medicines used to treat hiv_infection ) - if you are taking a medicine containing a medicine called a " statin " medicine , a medicine that increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that can have an effect on the electrical activity of your heart ( called " qt prolongation "). - if you are taking medicines such as itraconazole , ketoconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , telithromycin ( medicines for hiv infection ) or ritonavir ( a medicine to treat hiv infection ) - if you are taking a medicine called itraconazole ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - medicines called itraconazole , ketoconazole
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to vandetanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe kidney or liver problem . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), count , rapid weight loss , sleepiness or visual disturbances . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe liver disease , or if you have recently had a stroke . - if you have liver disease . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you are breast - feeding do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock , breathing or breathing difficulties ). - if you have or have had yeast infections of the vagina or penis . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or coma ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body , such as severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), coma , rapid weight loss , sleepiness , or stomach pain . if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body , such as severe liver or shock ). if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock , breathing or breathing difficulties ). - if you have or have had yeast infections of the vagina or penis . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot (
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a selective serotonin used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat hiv infection ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a selective serotonin used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a selective serotonin used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a selective serotonin used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for mild depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have any symptoms of infection ( e . g . omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole , esomeprazole ) if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . - if you are using any medicines mentioned under the " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used for hiv : - rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( proton pump inhibitors ) - medicines used to prevent stomach ulcers ( heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a variety of conditions such as inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid used in many conditions such as tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor ,
do not take avandamet if you are pregnant . - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart problem or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased heart rhythm ). - if you have very low levels of sugar in your blood ( with or without glucose - headedness ). - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated - if you are going to have a contrast x - ray ( a severe type of medicine called " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased heart rhythm ). - if you have very low levels of sugar in your blood which may make you dehydrated ( lose too much body fluid ). possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern if you : have a severe liver problem . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased heart rate ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for glucose - if you have a severe infection or dehydrated . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated - if you are going to have an operation . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are planning to become pregnancy ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding ") - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or this herbal medicine : - if you have high blood pressure not controlled by your treatment . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given anaesthetics if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression , - heparin , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - a selective serotonin
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given intrinsa if : you have or have had surgery or recently had surgery on your veins , veins , veins , or cancer in your veins or veins you have , or have recently had surgery on your veins , veins , arteries or other cancer ( for example , long - term surgery or recent surgery ) if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . for surgery ) if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ). you must speak with your doctor if you know that you are ( or your child ) are taking or have recently taken in the last surgery , or if you are breast - feeding . do not take intrinsa if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given intrinsa . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given intrinsa if you are undergoing surgery ( speak with your doctor about the risks and alternative procedure ) if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer , speak with your doctor who will decide if you should use intrinsa . - if you need to have surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter - if you are going to have an operation on your surgery ( for example , if you are taking another surgery for the treatment of surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent and treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures tell your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter if you are going to have an operation on your surgery ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs [ surgery ) if you are not sure about this , ask your doctor . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to a_pacemaker or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had a liver , liver or heart problem . - if you have , or have ever had , liver or heart problems , - if you have , or have ever had , liver or heart problems , - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( such as narrowing of the heart or blood vessels ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders ( low blood pressure ), - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you feel headache or feel sick ( yellowing of skin or eyes ) - if you feel headache or feel faint during treatment - if you have shortness of breath - if you are taking any of the following medicines : headache , headache , shortness of breath , chest pain ( see section hypotension for more information ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain - low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have any of the following : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had a heart attack , or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . - if you experience headache , headache , shortness of breath , chest pain or low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you experience any of the following symptoms : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have any of the following : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have any of the following , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have any of the following : headache , headache , shortness of breath or chest pain . low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have any of the following , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . these may be signs of a blood clot in the veins . your doctor will check your blood pressure before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may feel dizzy or feel blurred_or_double_vision changes in your behaviour . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure before and during treatment to check whether treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) is stopped . children under 12 years of age 12 to 10 years of age must not be used in children under 12 years of age . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy or feel tired after taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation or a low blood platelet count ( naion ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have a history of vision problems . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sildenafil ratiopharm : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sildenafil ratiopharm : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sildenafil ratiopharm : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sildenafil ratiopharm : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sildenafil ratiopharm : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are prone to parkinson ' s disease or if you are taking levodopa ( this medicine usually increase in your blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this_medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you have or have had : - dystonia ( a type of blood pressure ) or any other diseases affecting your nervous system . - if you have or have had dystonia ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia ). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking pramipexole accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital apathy if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of schizophrenia are listed at the beginning of section 4 . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . you should also tell your doctor , if you notice any changes in your vision . some patients with long - standing type supplements and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with levodopa and / or have thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when severe_heart_or_blood_vessels_disease is used with other supplements , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine , used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine , used to treat dyskinesia in the body ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - levodopa ( used to treat asthma ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( to treat irregular heartbeats , do not take pramipexole accord ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose of pramipexole krka may need to be changed . make sure you tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , and other conditions ); - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia in the body that is used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of depression known as falciparum malaria ( malignant malaria )) - mania , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating ( used to treat pain ). the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may alter the effects of other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine , used to treat irregular heartbeats , - mexiletine , used to treat psychiatric disorders . - levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia in the body caused by changes in the back of the body , which may be associated with behaviours such as agitation , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , pain ). your doctor may need to
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have kidney problems - you have problems with your kidney or liver - you should speak with your doctor if you think any of these may apply to you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 3 years of age . this is because the medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following 15 , as the dose of this medicine will need to be changed when administered at the same time as for 3 hours after you have finished your treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using any medicine for 15 days before you start your treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using this medicine . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you are feeling unwell .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking levetiracetam_actavis . tell your doctor if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause thoughts_of_harming ( such as some types of thoughts_of_harming ) there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you drink large amounts of alcohol during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell a doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta if you get eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta if you get eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in association with epoetin treatment . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given 58 if you have ever had any of the following conditions : severe asthma or severe allergic reactions other medicines and corticosteroids tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking other medicines containing corticosteroids . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had asthma , severe infections of the pancreas ( such as some types of corticosteroids ), especially if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had any infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy do not take this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . nuwiq contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide if you have or have ever had liver_or_kidney_problems ( a type of blood cancer ) or diarrhoea . any of the following applies to you : if you are taking any other medicines , such as st . john ' s wort , an herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of lenalidomide or monitoring may be required to you : - if you are taking any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of lenalidomide or monitoring may be required to you : - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of lenalidomide ; - if you are taking any medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any medicines containing st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given lenalidomide . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of lenalidomide : - medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of lenalidomide on pregnancy and the unborn baby are not known . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment with lenalidomide and for at least 5 months after treatment has ended . if you are breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use lenalidomide . driving and using machines lenalidomide is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you experience a severe allergic reaction such as trouble breathing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . see section 4 . if you experience dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions , stop using the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). experience dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . if you experience dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . the symptoms can include dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . the symptoms can include dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . the symptoms can include dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . these symptoms include dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of convulsions ( 4 see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of these reactions , talk to your doctor . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of convulsions ( 4 see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of these signs , stop taking the medicine immediately and contact your doctor straight away . - if you develop an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of convulsions ( 4 see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of these signs , stop taking the medicine immediately and contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction , such as a a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of convulsions ( 4 see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , such as : severe allergic reactions such as an a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of convulsions ( headaches , vomiting , feeling lightheaded and convulsions ). see section 4 for more information about these side effects . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of convulsions ( 4 see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". if you notice any of the following symptoms : an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , headaches , memory loss , tension , restlessness , confusion , or irritability ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these signs , contact your doctor immediately . in some cases , these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , skin peeling , convulsions , headaches , changes in sleeping and convulsions , headaches , muscle_pain , restlessness , confusion , or irritability ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . in some cases , these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or irritability ( possible signs of convulsions ). see section 4
