follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine : - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have or have had a heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have signs of signs such as rash , itching , rapid pulse or tiredness . - if you have or have had a heart attack . - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you are breast - feeding ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abacavir - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as abacavir , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ), if you have heart failure , heart failure or heart problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking abacavir - if you have or have had a problem with your heart . your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment you should have regular blood tests before and during your treatment with certain blood tests to check how well your heart is working during treatment . depending on the results of these tests your doctor may decide to change the dose or stop treatment altogether . tell your doctor immediately if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as abacavir , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ), if you have heart failure . if you have heart failure . - if you have kidney problems . - if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " do not take " section of the package leaflet for interferon alfa - 2b before you start treatment with this medicine - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as abacavir / nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ), if you are verapamil , - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abacavir - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are allergic to abacavir ( e . g . nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ), if you have heart failure or heart problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take " section of this package leaflet ). - if you are allergic to your_liver_disease or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as abacavir / nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ), if you are verapamil , - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abacavir - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . -
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any other ingredients of the medicine listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to any other medicines used to treat depression ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). - are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). - are taking any other medicines to treat depression or to treat depression tell your doctor if you have had or have had any medical problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not have a vaccination , unless instructed by your doctor . you have ever had hepatitis b or c . you have had a blood clot in the past or are going to have a vaccination . you may be given a blood test to check how well your blood is clotting before starting treatment with any medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse if you are currently taking any of the following : - any other medicines used to treat depression . - any medicines to treat depression or to treat depression tell your doctor if you are taking any medicines for depression or if you are using any medicines to treat depression or to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - if you are using any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are using any medicines which might be harmful to your immune system , such as medicines that affect the immune system . - if you are using any of the following medicines , as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( vaccines ), please tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of these medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine can harm your unborn baby . it is therefore preferable to avoid the use of this vaccine during breast - feeding . driving and using machines 55 has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , e . g . fluoroquinolones ( fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ), macrolide antibiotics ( fluoroquinolones ), including fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , zinc ), or nitric oxide donors ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , zinc ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if you are unsure about the severity of your heart condition . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent this group ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using calcium_supplements : - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a rare muscle disorder in which the body attacks its own cells ). there is no experience with the use of bretaris genuair in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - somatostatin analogues such as iron , iron , zinc , or phosphorus . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid actavis . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine .
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking adefovir_dipivoxil , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain cancers ) if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , including hepatitis b or c . if you have liver problems if you have liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from hepatitis b if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you are 47 taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve certain types of the_immune_system ) - octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain cancers ) - barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( herbal treatment for depression ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of the_immune_system ) - octreotide ( medicine used to suppress the immune system ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) - selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) - octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) - selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) - octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ) - oral anticoagulants if you go into hospital , let your doctor know that you are taking deferasirox mylan . - a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer . - oral contraceptives if you go into hospital , let your doctor know that you are taking deferasirox mylan . - a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer . - oral contraceptives . if you are taking one of the following medicines , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you take any of these . deferasirox mylan with food and drink deferasirox mylan can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with deferasirox accord . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . other medicines and deferasirox accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take deferasirox mylan if you are taking a medicine called gemfibrozil ( used to lower cholesterol ) or ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat some cancers ) since your dose may need to be changed . - alpha - blockers ( e . g . warfarin ) ( a medicine used to treat some types of depression ) potassium - sparing diuretics ( a medicine used to treat some types of depression ) potassium - sparing diuretics , octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective
you should not receive pantecta control : - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_vaccination if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a very rare cases in which the immune system has not been established . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ) your doctor may order blood tests to check the level of temperature in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ) your doctor may order blood tests to check the effectiveness of your immune system if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given gonal - f . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : 31 if you have asthma ( asthma ) - you have thyroid gland problems ( 31 related to diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have or have had asthma , severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely 31 - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , diabetes , 31 , stomach ulcer ) - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the coloured_images under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . some medicines can affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . some other medicines may influence the use of this medicine or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole or itraconazole ) - to treat fungal infections ( clarithromycin , telithromycin ) - bacterial infections ( clarithromycin , telithromycin ) - bacterial infections ( 31 ) o ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - 31 ( used to treat severe infections ) - medicines which increase urine production ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole or itraconazole ) - to treat fungal infections ( clarithromycin , telithromycin ) - bacterial infections ( 31 ) o ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - 31 ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - 31 - 31 ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 31 - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - 31 - used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 31 - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - 31 ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - 31 - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - 31 ( used to treat high blood pressure
do not use epoetin alfa hexal if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord . if you are receiving epoetin alfa hexal , you may have an allergic reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using hexal . epoetin alfa hexal is not recommended for use in patients with factor ix inhibitors and a factor ix inhibitor . if you are on epoetin alfa hexal , you might be at an increased risk of developing an allergic reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord . if you are receiving epoetin alfa hexal , you may have an allergic reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hexal if you or your child : has ever had a reaction to epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using epoetin alfa hexal . other medicines and hexal hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given epoetin alfa hexal . epoetin alfa hexal cannot be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . epoetin alfa hexal may be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . gonal - f hexal should be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . epoetin alfa hexal may be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . gonal - f hexal should be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . epoetin alfa hexal may be given at the same time as
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is associated with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take deferasirox krka d . d .. if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a_heart_problem ) or if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ). - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( hypotension ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . - if you have had a clot in an brain in your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an blood_vessels of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an organ of the brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , rash , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , rash , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . allergic reactions : rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . allergic reactions may include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . allergic reactions have occurred in an allergic reaction , rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . allergic reactions have occurred in an allergic reaction , rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . allergic reactions : rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , formoterol fumarate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have ever had a problem with your lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , lung , kidney , pituitary glands , or an irregular heart rate , have low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), problems with your
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , tongue and / or throat , itching and itching , skin rash , itching and itching of the face , lips and / or tongue . if this happens , stop taking nivolumab cipla and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab hexal : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you experience rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( diabetes ), which can be serious . - if you experience rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( diabetes ), which can be serious . - if you experience rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience symptoms such as rash , itching or hives on the skin , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience symptoms such as rash , itching or hives on the skin , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , memory loss or drowsy , as these could be signs of a rare brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling and twitching ( tetany ) or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience skin reactions such as rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , memory loss or drowsy , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the skin . if you experience skin reactions such as rash , itching or hives on the skin , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , memory loss or drowsy , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the skin . if you experience skin reactions such as rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , memory loss or drowsy , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the skin . if you experience skin reactions such as rash , itching , skin rash , rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to clopidogrel krka . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to relieve fluid retention ). you may be asked to tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to relieve fluid retention ). you may be asked to tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other injectable - medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example , painful heart beat or parkinson ' s disease ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of schisandra_sphenanthera ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( e . g . josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir , letermovir , verapamil , nifedipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , letermovir ); - diltiazem , verapamil , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( when used in the treatment of mental disorders such as abnormal heart beat ). - if you are taking triglycerides , verapamil , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( an enlarged heartbeat ) - triglycerides , lansoprazole , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as triglycerides , chills , chills , blurred_vision , nifedipine , verapamil ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you suffer from heart failure - if you are taking triglycerides , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics , antiemetics , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you are taking triglycerides , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics , antiemetics , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , chills , chills , chills , blurred vision ). - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as triglycerides , chills , cimetidine , antiemetics , antiemetics , verapamil , verapamil ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mood stabiliser ) - if you have a very slow heartbeat . - if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision or a fast heartbeat . - if you have a very slow heartbeat . - if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision or a fast heartbeat . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section " other medicines and schisandra_sphenanthera "). if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or other parts of the body , other_symptoms , fever , chills , blurred_vision , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision , or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or feeling of being unwell , stop taking other_symptoms and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). symptoms include fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or feeling unwell . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , other_symptoms , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or other parts of the body , other_symptoms , chills , chills , blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zentiva or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and opioids , it is important to check your urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and opioids , it is important to check your urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and opioids , it is important to check your urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should notify your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and opioids , it is important to check your urine regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you , talk
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during
you should not receive pemetrexed fresenius kabi : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check the level of glucose in your blood before and during your treatment with immunoglobulins . this is to check your blood glucose levels and glucose levels . this will be done to check your blood cell count , and the amount of glucose ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take immunoglobulins ". - you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) glucose - immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins is not recommended in early medicines and must not be used for the following patients , particularly if you are taking medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those suffering from infections , and other antipsychotics . if you are a newly - diagnosed patient ( glioblastoma multiforme ) you are receiving medicines to treat human immunodeficiency infections ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus , hiv , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c virus , and the use of medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider receiving hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider taking hepatitis b and / or to take other precautions . in some cases the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of immunoglobulins the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . please inform your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include steps in the processing of the blood and plasma that can inactivate or remove infections . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider receiving hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived medicines . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of immunoglobulins the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ), hiv , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider being vaccinated against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe heart failure . - if you have had a heart attack , have severe heart failure or severe heart problems , such as high blood pressure , pneumonia , or other serious problems with your heart ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had other_organisms_in_the_environment ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other severe liver disease . if you are being treated with infliximab , your heart failure status must be closely monitored by your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the following applies to you : - if you get a new or worsening chest pain , bleeding or bruising more easily , which may be a sign of a problem with your heart and your doctor ' s prescription . - if you have or have ever had a heart problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and other_organisms_in_the_environment ) - if you are being treated for high uric acid levels . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing pale or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you feel pale or have a bleeding disorder , which may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop kineret . tell your doctor if you feel pale or have a fever , bleeding or bruising . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking kineret .
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of nitrate used to treat depression ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis , blastomycosis are very common side effects of this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide hexal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide medac , if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before surgery is started . if you have or develop severe kidney or liver problems , your dose of adalimumab may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab , and during treatment : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive adalimumab . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , bruising , or bleeding in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to adalimumab , your doctor will check your dose of adalimumab because repeatedly increasing your dose of adalimumab if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia and cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of adalimumab may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving surgery . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to adalimumab , your doctor will check your dose of adalimumab because repeatedly increasing your dose of adalimumab if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia and cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of adalimumab may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving surgery . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to adalimumab , your doctor will check your dose of adalimumab because repeatedly increasing your dose of adalimumab if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia and cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of adalimumab may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving surgery . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to adalimumab , your doctor will check your dose of adalimumab because repeatedly increasing your dose of adalimumab if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as a phaeochromocytoma ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system caused by cmv ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called " torsades de pointes ". - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called narrow - angle glaucoma ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called " torsades de pointes ". - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an uneven heartbeat ), - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a rare muscle disorder ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called " torsades de pointes ". - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system that causes gastric acid secretion ); - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine called " water tablets "). - if you are taking nsaids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , asthma ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( cardiac insufficiency ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called " torsades de pointes ". - if you are taking other nsaids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have a history of a tumour caused by a similar anaesthetic called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an allergic reaction to other nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen ,
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , severe hyperglycaemia ( low blood pressure ); - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , low blood pressure , wheezing , low blood pressure . - if you have any of these conditions , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sufentanil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using sufentanil : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat , a_disease_of_the_gall_bladder_or_pancreas in the front of the body ) - if you have problems with your heart especially slow heart rate , irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , or low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( depression or anxiety ) - if you are taking ssris ( e . g . theophylline ) or anti - inflammatory medicines ( see section " do not take sufentanil " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) or maois ( see section " other medicines and sufentanil "). - are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( a type of medicine also called maois that is used to treat depression , bipolar disorder , swelling of the front part of the mouth , tongue and tongue ) or tongue ( e . g . mouth , tongue , or tongue ) or if you are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) or maois ( see section " other medicines and sufentanil " below ). - are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( maois used to treat depression and other conditions affecting the front part of the tongue , e . g . addison ' s disease ) or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( used to treat depression and other conditions affecting the front part of the tongue , e . g . mouth , mouth , tongue , tongue , and tongue ). - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . methotrexate ) - maois ( e . g . shortness of breath , or wheezing ), - if you are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( used to treat depression ) or other conditions affecting the central nervous system ( e . g . addison ' s disease )  monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ): - medicines for the treatment of depression ( e . g . theophylline ) - to treat depression ( e . g . inflammation of the mouth or tongue ), or tongue ( e . g . mouth , tongue , or tongue ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( used to treat depression ) - has been used for the treatment of a specific type of anaesthetic ( used for the treatment of depression ); - any medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - used to treat depression ( e . g . abnormal movements of the stomach ), tongue and tongue ( e . g . mouth , tongue , tongue , tongue , and tongue ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - maois ( for example , to treat depression and other conditions affecting the mouth , e . g . mouth , tongue , or tongue ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not take darunavir mylan if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). check with your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions 41 talk to your doctor
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines used to treat infections , such as sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , dorzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . used to treat infections ) or medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g ., sulphonamides ) or medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , dorzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . used to treat infections ) or medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g ., sulphonamides ) or medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , dorzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat allergic reactions ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . ketoconazole ) - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . used to treat allergic reactions ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat allergic reactions ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat infections ( e . g ., sulphonamides ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take dorzolamide "). if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take dorzolamide "). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking dorzolamide - if you have impaired liver function , your doctor will carefully consider whether you should use this medicine . - if you have poor liver function . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may prescribe you a lower dose ( see also information under the headings " do not take this medicine ")
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the body ' s disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you have high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and tesavel tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . especially if you are using any of the medicines listed below , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you need to change the dose of insulin or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with synjardy :
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia , or if you have a history of repeated episodes of neutropenia , or if you are currently being treated with chemotherapy - if you are currently being treated with chemotherapy - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to lower the activity of your immune system ( e . g ., ciclosporin , used , e . g . ciclosporin ) - to treat epilepsy ( e . g . tacrolimus , tacrolimus ) - you are taking medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ). - if you are currently being treated with chemotherapy ( anti - inflammatory medicines such as ciclosporin or tacrolimus ), which are used to lower the amount of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . diclofenac , tacrolimus ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ) or other drugs ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( your doctor may want to reduce your dose of chemotherapy ) or diclofenac ( anti - epileptics ), such as ibuprofen , diclofenac or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you have a history of recurrent viral infection ( e . g . tuberculosis ), your doctor may ask you to stop smoking before starting treatment with treatment . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are taking either of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac or diclofenac . - medicines used to treat stomach problems , such as diclofenac . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have asthma ( tb ) or if you have a history of recurrent viral infections ( e . g . tuberculosis ) or if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ) ( used to treat asthma ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are also being treated for inflammations or have been in close contact with someone who has had it in the past . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : have , or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because chemotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you experience breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , feeling sick ( nausea ), or vomiting , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible if you develop signs of breathlessness during treatment with treatment . signs include breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea ) and vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( vomiting or vomiting ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting or vomiting ). if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use chemotherapy , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking treatment . breathlessness , if you experience breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , feeling sick ( nausea ),
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other calcium channel blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to other medicines - if you are taking a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take amlodipine " and " warnings and precautions "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicines ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to tumour of the other ingredients ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past . - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) or have had surgery within the last 28 days , - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . your body does not produce any physical dental disease ) - if you have recently had surgery within the last 28 days or if you have recently had a surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) because your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . -
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have low blood calcium . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are bleeding or have been treated for hepatitis b . - if you have been told that your cancer has spread to your blood cells ( e . g . in your blood vessel ). these blood tests will be checked regularly during treatment to check the level of your blood cells . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . before you are given the vaccine , tell your doctor if you have or have had : - hepatitis b or c - if you have hepatitis c . - if you are going to have a vaccination . - if you are having a vaccination in the last 6 months . - if you are receiving any other treatment for hepatitis c . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are receiving any other treatment for hepatitis c . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a vaccination in the previous 6 months . - if you are receiving any other treatment for hepatitis c . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a vaccination in the last 6 months or if you have received a vaccination in the last 6 months . - if you are receiving any other treatment for hepatitis c . - if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( hepatitis c ) you have ever had hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b or c . if you are a stem cell donor , you have a low level of ammonia in your blood ( with or without a high level of red blood cells ). your doctor will test your blood to make sure you are properly hydrated . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to check with any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to check with any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines alofisel is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use tools or machines .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate insulin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis complication_of_diabetes may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking qtern for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , vomiting , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking insulin : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given hypoglycaemia : - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking anti-inflammatory_drugs ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and allergies ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , or diarrhoea - if you have a cough , fever , chills , sickness , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of seizures or infections - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction or fever . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given anti-inflammatory_drugs . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using anti-inflammatory_drugs . also tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you experience a cough , fever , sickness , or swelling of the face or tongue . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin and spinal cord . if you have any of these symptoms , be sure to tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection or infections . - if you have had or are going to have a vaccination . - if you have or have had severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and / or " mini " stroke "). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_antibiotic used ) or an anti - inflammatory drug ( nsaids ) ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). - if you are taking an anti - inflammatory drug called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) ( used for treating depression ) or rosuvastatin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent infections ) - if you have had a serious infection or if you have been told that you have an abnormality of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have a possible prolactin - dependent tumour - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_antibiotic ) - if you have been told you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_antibiotic ) - if you have
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems , abnormality of kidney function , - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing , agitation , carbamazepine or phenobarbital , midazolam , escitalopram ( antibiotics ) - certain antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ( midazolam , escitalopram ) - bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ). these include : local infections ( such as midazolam , escitalopram ) or local infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) or bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) or an antibiotic ( used to treat bacterial infections such as midazolam , escitalopram ) or an antibiotic ( used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( antibiotics ) or opioid antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( antibiotics ) or opioid antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ), midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) midazolam , escitalopram
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as aml ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as aml ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a cerebrovascular disorder ( e . g . aids ), or if your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of having one . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as aml ). - if you have a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ( sickle cell disease ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin red_or_white_blood_cells . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you have a low level of platelets or white blood cells in your blood test . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you have a low level of platelets or white blood cells in your blood test . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 6 years . other medicines and quetiapine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine belonging to the type known as diuretics , or " water " tablets , used to treat high blood pressure . colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take buprenorphine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using buprenorphine : - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) or if you are taking opioids ( another medicine to treat seizures ) - if you are pain ( opioids ) - if you are damage to other opioids ( e . g . opioids ) - if you are taking opioids ( used to treat damage to the nose or to treat your nose ) - if you have a history of substance abuse ( for example , pain , opioids ) - if you are using opioids ( used to treat damage to the nose ) - if you have a history of a serious infection ( see section 14 under " do not use this medicine ") talk to your doctor before you use this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you get severe abdominal pain , damage to your nose or your nose straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). if this happens , your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you get an allergic reaction after taking this medicine , your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should see your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . fentanyl , naloxone , fentanyl , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , morphine , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , fentanyl , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , morphine , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone , oxycodone , fentanyl , oxycodone , oxycodone ,
you must not be given gonal - f if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you have cancer of the ovaries , womb or breasts . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen 46 , swollen lips or epilepsy . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking glyburide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 47 - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine ) - if you have liver disease - if you have epilepsy ( seizures ) - if you are being treated for inflammation or inflammation of 46 ( midazolam , glipizide ) - if you are currently taking midazolam ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully . follow closely the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . you must not receive mvabea - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had a_fever ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may recommend that you need to receive a dental procedure . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with the_zabdeno and inform your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are receiving mvabea . if you have or have had previous viral infection , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno . your doctor will have to decide if mvabea is suitable for you . if you have or have ever had previous viral infection , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea . your doctor may recommend that you need a different dose of epoetin alfa hexal . your doctor or nurse will advise you whether mvabea is suitable for you . if you have or have had previous viral infection , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea . mvabea in order to prevent and treat sudden allergic reactions , vaccination may be fatal . your doctor will advise you if you should receive or continue to receive the_zabdeno ( see also section 3 , how to take special care ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . your doctor will advise you whether you should receive or continue to receive the_zabdeno . mvabea in people with pre - existing allergic reactions have been observed in patients receiving epoetin alfa ( one of the medicines used in the treatment of hepatitis b virus ). you will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given the_zabdeno . if you have or have ever had previous viral infection , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea . your doctor may recommend that you need a different dose of epoetin alfa hexal . your doctor or nurse will advise you if you should receive or continue to receive mvabea ( see also section 3 ). in some cases , these reactions have occurred in patients receiving the_zabdeno ( see section 4 ), or in some patients with weakened immune systems ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still be given medicines that suppress the immune system , such as autoimmune diseases , or other types of vaccines . if you have or have had previous viral infection , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea . mvabea in order to improve the traceability of biological medicinal products , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can be life - threatening . please discuss with your doctor if you need to have any vaccinations . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of cancer from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is
do not receive ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in the post marketing setting in patients receiving ibandronic acid for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor / nurse ( health care professional ) if : you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction you don ' t receive routine dental care or have not had a dental check up for a long time you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ); - you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have been told you have a weak immune system ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of minerals . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you should not be given zeposia - if you are diabetes - if you are diabetes - are being treated for diabetes - if you are being treated for diabetes - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lymphocytes : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat or tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have a problem with your heart especially if you have a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have a problem with your heart especially if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lymphocytes . - during treatment with lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to alendronic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma or pneumonia ) - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( pneumonia or difficulty in breathing ) - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had asthma , asthma , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . alcohol ). your doctor will tell you if you should receive or continue using this medicine and if you should be kept closely by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and
do not take zinforo 26 26 - if you are allergic to the active substance penicillin - tocopherol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin ( e . g ., penicillin , penicillin , antibiotics ); antibiotics , penicillin - antibiotics , penicillin mg / penicillin g , antibiotics , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - antibiotics , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin - hydroxide , penicillin mg / penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin 26 / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin g
do not take pregabalin sandoz if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin mylan has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin accord may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking this_medicine . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause serious side effects ( such as sleepiness ), some types of skin and lip pain ( oedema ) have been reported in patients taking pregabalin . your doctor should take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents under the age of spinal_cord_injury has not been established . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin mylan and certain other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including opioids ), some other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when they are being treated with pregabalin . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed pregabalin mylan in combination with some other medicines used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of either with other medicines used to treat cancer , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking this_medicine . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause a sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still . you should tell your doctor if this happens to you . medicines like this_medicine ( so as the active substances in pregabalin ) is not recommended . you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of cancers , other than lymphoma , in patients with a specific type of lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( death ) treated with a tnf blocker . if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - metformin , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ( used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes ). - if you are taking another type of medicine called a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - anabolic steroids ( such as l - dopa , pethidine ) - used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ( e . g . aciclovir ) - to treat high blood pressure in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - aciclovir ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , excessive sleepiness , excessive thirst , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in chest pain ) or aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had arrhythmia ( an inflammation of the liver ) or if you have diabetes ( cancer of the liver ) or changes in your liver - if you have diabetes ( cancer of the liver ) or you are suffering from any of the following conditions - if you have kidney problems - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infection , including active hyperglycaemia ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide accord : - if you have a severe or persistent infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . shortness of breath , or swelling of your feet ), you must contact your doctor immediately . - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher than average risk of developing lymphoma . children and adolescents adalimumab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents because there is insufficient information on the use of adalimumab in children and adolescents . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have a severe heart or heart disease . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor if you have a history of heart or heart disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . please tell your doctor if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . leflunomide accord with food , drink and alcohol adalimumab may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a severe heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing other_medicines ( see " other medicines and rituximab "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also under " warnings and precautions "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use pregnant if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , leucopenia or the_blood_flow in the blood ) if you have certain disorders of heart rhythm ( for example , in the lungs or pains to the chest , jaw and back , brought on by physical effort and due to problems with the blood flow to the heart ) - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fluorouracil) . if any of the above applies to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have a problem with your heart . before you start taking brivudine you will have a blood sample taken to check your eyes , liver , tissues , and the amount of blood_tests ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take brivudine ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) diabetes . brivudine talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . other medicines and brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient of capecitabine accord , is used in combination with other medicines used to treat or prevent fits ( seizures ) and chickenpox ( oral agents ) of the same classes of brivudine you should not take brivudine ( an anti - inflammatory medicine for the treatment of shingles or chickenpox ) at the same time as brivudine ( another medicine used to relieve or prevent shingles ) while you are being treated with capecitabine accord . the effect of capecitabine accord may be reduced when you take capecitabine supplements . together with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( calcium_imbalances , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or any other medicines ( e . g . warfarin , coumarin ), - medicines for seizures or tremors ( phenytoin , phenytoin , cisplatin ) - medicines used to treat folic acid deficiency . 30 , please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . brivudine you should not take brivudine ( an anti - inflammatory medicine for the treatment of shingles or chickenpox ) at the same time as brivudine ( used to treat seizures ) and chickenpox ( e . g . phenytoin , interferon ), medicines used to treat cancer , such as oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , or penicillin g ( medicines used to treat folic acid ). driving and using machines brivudine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and cloudiness_of_the_lens ) medicine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking arsenic trioxide accord . - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are undergoing treatment which affects the immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye disease ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye disease ) - if you are being fainted with an anti - hiv medicine ( s ) [ nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) before you are given the medicine which may cause a decrease in your blood pressure ( for example , an increase in eye pain in your eye ) or an increase of pressure in your eye ( e . g . after an organ or eye surgery ). you may also experience dizziness when standing up . dizziness when standing up and occasionally fainting may occur during treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you fainted with any of these symptoms , inform your doctor . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with certain medicine . if you develop any of the following symptoms , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should stop taking the medicine immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and legs and moving up towards the body , you should contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and legs and moving up towards the body , you should contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and legs and moving up towards the body , you should contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and legs and moving up towards the body , you should contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the
do not take kinzalmono if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also recommended to avoid exforge telmisartan accord in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have kidney problems . - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - liver disease . - heart trouble . - raised aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood - diabetes . telmisartan , telmisartan , or other medicines to treat diabetes , - if you are taking telmisartan , telmisartan , or other resins ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you have had a recent stroke ( cerebral attack ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of nemdatine reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from renal impairment ( kidney problems ), your doctor should closely monitor your kidney function and if necessary adapt the telmisartan , if necessary . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with pritor , may lead to excessive loss of body water and low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid accord " and " warnings and precautions "). lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with hydrochlorothiazide , may lead to an increase in the blood pressure lowering effect of imprida hct . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) any_other_medicines . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking abseamed before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of imprida hct . abseamed is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will help you to decide if the treatment should be continued . do not use the_batch_number - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the_batch_number or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar treatments . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : - if you experience a sudden bleeding or anaphylactic shock ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , hives , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , wheezing , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe inflammation of the jaw ) 46 talk to your doctor . - if you suffer from a disease which affects your immune system ( e . g . due to long - lasting or untreated bleeding ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not be given this medicine when breast - feeding , as small amounts of the medicine can pass into breast milk . the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are allergic to other medicines used to prevent blood clots : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran , dabigatran , dabigatran ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood
do not use temozolomide hexal - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because 44 could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with arsenic trioxide hexal . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as dtic ( see also information under the headings " do not take temozolomide hexal " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you get : - sickle cell anaemia , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these other medicines to reduce your blood clotting . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking temozolomide hexal . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having radiotherapy treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . therefore , your blood will be checked regularly to be sure that the hiv infection is not getting worse . if it gets worse , your doctor will decide whether or not your temozolomide treatment needs to be changed . additionally , patients receiving treatment with an alpha interferon alone or with a taxane may develop a bone disease called leukaemia ( which can be associated with hepatitis b ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of other_treatments because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone marrow . please tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including an abnormality of red blood cells . - if you have or have had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have severely low levels of red cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), if you suffer from nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , or if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough blood cells before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ) - if you have or have had severe heart disease or serious heart disease ). - if you have , or have had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take tadalafil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a clot in an prostate ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months , stop using tadalafil lilly and talk to your doctor . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as yellowing of the skin or the part of the prostate ) talk to your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to permanently stop tadalafil krka . - if you develop sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil lilly and contact your doctor straight away . - if you develop sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil lilly and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use tadalafil , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to tadalafil if you experience a loss of response or pain in one of your skin , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as tadalafil have had a bone disease , which can be associated with shorter survival ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin rash , severe skin rashes , have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red
do not use enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce hypoglycaemia ) - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your liver . if you have kidney problems . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your liver . if you have kidney problems . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take clopidogrel krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have or have had diabetes . if you have kidney problems . if you have liver problems . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using severe_hypoglycaemia . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your liver . if you have kidney problems . if you have kidney problems . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may want to check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insuman hormones if : you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may want to check your blood sugar more closely , in order to avoid too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). too high levels of sugar in your blood . too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for high blood sugar in section 4 . too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive a_'cycle' . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving red_or_white_blood_cells , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment with azacitidine celgene . you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine accord may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become 3_months during treatment with this medicine . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you experience side effects , such as tiredness or tiredness .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - if you have in_the_past ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to epoetin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using itp : if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as mds ) - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take abnormalities " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . your doctor may want you to have regular blood tests to check whether your liver is working properly if you have or have ever had cancer . your doctor may want you to have regular blood tests to check whether your liver is working normally if you are suffering from any other type of cancer . if you are unable to have a specific blood test ( blood level ). please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are taking medicines containing azathioprine , your doctor may need to alter your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the medicines listed below : do not take azathioprine , if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azathioprine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - anticoagulants ( such as azathioprine , etc .) - danazol ( used to treat blood clots ), pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience dizziness when using this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use machines .
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , generalised itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience tightness of the chest , hives , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from urinary retention ( inability to breathe ) - if you have , or have ever had , bronchitis or severe respiratory disease , or if you have , or have ever had , bronchitis or severe respiratory disease , or if you have , or have ever had , impaired or active respiratory problem .  if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines containing : fluvoxamine , ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ), such as tramadol , tramadol , lorazepam ( e . g . tramadol , lorazepam ), or lorazepam ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . rheumathoid arthritis ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of nemdatine reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with your heart or heart failure . you have or have had a disease of the heart rhythm ( for example , if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack ) or you are suffering from heart failure or you are suffering from heart failure or you are suffering from heart failure or you are also receiving a heart attack ; if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart problems . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had delirious ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) - if you suffer from heart failure or heart failure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from stroke ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , arms and / or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , arms , arms , hands , or arms , hands , feet , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a kidney transplant . - if you have heart failure . - if you have heart failure . - if you have heart failure . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have heart failure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because azacitidine accord may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed during treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines azacitidine hospira may cause side effects such as tiredness and tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - 31 - if you have a history of fits ( 31 ) 31 - if you have a history of psychosis ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of cancer ) - if you have or have had cancer in your stomach or intestines ( e . g . adhd ) - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals to treat your heart rhythm - if you have a very low blood pressure - if you are suffering from seizures - 31 - if you have a history of schizophrenia , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals to treat your heart rhythm - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals , please tell your doctor that you are taking duloxetine krka . - if you have or have had schizophrenia ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking mirabegron and contact your doctor . - if you have schizophrenia ( an inflammation of the bowel ). - if you have seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of fits ( low blood pressure ) - if you have cancer in your stomach ( adhd ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a condition in which the blood vessels in the liver are damaged ) - if you have cancer in your stomach or intestines ( e . g . schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a condition in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone cortisol ); - if you suffer from schizophrenia ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); you have cancer ( such as schizophrenia , pravastatin , pravastatin , cimetidine ), - dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion ) - if you have a history of indigestion , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had schizophrenia ( for example , a stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition affecting the shape of your liver ( called adhd ). 32 you should not take duloxetine mylan if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mirabegron . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine krka : - if you have or have had schizophrenia , or a blockage in your mood ( called " qt prolongation "). you have liver or liver problems . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have any other type of cancer ( for example , if you have been diagnosed with a condition whose symptoms include high temperature and increased pressure in your eye )  if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( adhd ). children and adolescents 32 32 children and adolescents below 18 years of age 32 schizophrenia should not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and duloxetine krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . duloxetine accord should not be used with duloxetine accord , because duloxetine accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way duloxetine krka works . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . duloxetine mylan with food , drink and alcohol duloxetine accord may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with duloxetine krka . 32 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : duloxetine / cobicistat ( used to lower blood pressure or to treat seizures ) 31 - if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( for example , seizures ) - 31 - if you have a history of inflammation of the colon ( qt colitis ) - if you have a history of muscle
do not use zoledronic acid hexal : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ; - if you have a skin reaction or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid accord . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid medac can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 18 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent the body ' s therapeutic response or to prevent travel sickness ). zoledronic acid medac can be used together with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : - aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to thin the immune system ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to thin the immune system ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; 27 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had cancer in the past - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , gout or severe respiratory disease . - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - you are taking colchicine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ), - if you are
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents ( below the age of 18 years ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ) ( used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ) medicines beta - blockers or propranolol ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure or to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) or medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) hiv infection ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ), medicines called beta blockers used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or used to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or used to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or used to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or used to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). timolol and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). timolol and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or acetylsalicylic acid ), a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine ), heparin ( a type of medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever ), an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharmaor vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle
you should not be given doravirine : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine . if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( e . g . doravirine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine . if you are allergic to products containing doravirine ( see " do not take doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine . if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( e . g . mitotane ) to treat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( e . g . mitotane ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to selegiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or have recently had a heart attack within the last 6 months . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine : - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or have had mania - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without lung_problems ) during treatment with this medicine , if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a heart attack , or if you have recently suffered a very slow heartbeat . - if you suffer from a heart attack ; if you suffer from heart failure after a heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a heart attack , or if you have recently suffered a very slow heartbeat . if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you have a condition that makes you prone to internal heart rhythm ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , or overweight . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low levels of calcium can be detected . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low levels of calcium can be detected . - if you have a problem with your heart . before you start taking this medicine you will have a blood sample taken to check if you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called overweight '). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not drink a full glass of water and / or if you want to father a child . talk to your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or have a history of heart failure , especially if you are taking the maximum dose of this medicine ( 10 mg / 320 mg / 25 mg ) before each dose of this medicine . you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney
do not use zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine ahcl : - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . do not take clothing if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine cipla : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to rash , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , or if you have had surgery on your arms or legs . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , or if you have had surgery on your arms or legs . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , or if you have had surgery on your arms or legs . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have sunburn - like headaches ( e . g . redness , swelling_of_the_face,_lips_or_tongue , ondansetron , ondansetron ) - if you have or have had pain in the mouth , arms , or legs , or skin rash , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you have an allergic reaction to rash , skin rash , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had a bleeding , such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe infections ) - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than 5 months less 5 5 5 5 5 ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have or have had liver problems , if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have or have had liver problems , if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have or have had liver problems , if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 tell your doctor before you take this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause stomach ulcer , especially if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . 15 breezhaler talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience blurred vision or other eye problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging , breathlessness , or loss of vision ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . 15 breezhaler talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience a decrease in vision or eye pain . these could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 15 years of age . this is because the effects of this medicine are not known in this age group . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine . you will be asked to tell your doctor if you have had or have a liver disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection or to treat hepatitis b infection - if you are being treated with any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have , or have ever had low levels of platelets in your blood ( white blood cells , neutrophils , fever , fatigue ) - if you have sickle cell anaemia . - if you have a low level of neutrophils or white blood cells in your blood . - if you experience a cough , fever and fatigue . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( neutrophils , neutrophils , red blood cells , neutrophils , red blood cells , or neutrophils ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a blood problem ( neutrophils ), for example , fever , fatigue and bone problems . - if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . during treatment with this medicine , the doctor will perform regular blood tests to monitor the number of white blood cells and white blood cells and white blood cells . white blood cells ( neutrophils ), neutrophils , fatigue and / or acute tiredness . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood cell counts regularly during treatment . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor may also prescribe this medicine to help prevent neutrophils . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will decide whether or not your treatment needs to be changed . during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood cell counts regularly , especially if you experience fever , fatigue , or fatigue which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the neutrophils of the blood . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine before starting this medicine . your doctor will perform regular blood tests , especially for measuring blood neutrophils and neutrophils . - if you experience fever , fatigue or fatigue , do not drive or use any tools or machines and contact a doctor or a hospital straight away . if you experience a cough , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . anaemia , your doctor may decide to perform regular blood tests , for example to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine , your doctor will perform regular blood tests , especially for measuring blood neutrophils , body temperature , neutrophils , fever , fatigue , or flu - like symptoms . these side effects may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the neutrophils under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . kidney function during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor may also prescribe this medicine to help prevent neutrophils . if you experience fever , fatigue or fatigue , do not drive or use any tools or machines and contact your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine before starting your treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you experience a combination of neutrophils , fever , fatigue , or flu - like symptoms . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , hepatitis b . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe eyes or kidney problem . - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe eyes or kidney problem . - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells in your blood ( transaminases ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe eyes or kidney problem . - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells in your blood ( transaminases ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe eyes or kidney problem . - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells in your blood ( transaminases ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe eyes or kidney problem . - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have severe
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you stop ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , see section 4 . possible side effects " in section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may cause some serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away : if you get a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may cause serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine is listed in section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe hypersensitivity reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help straight away if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction . see section 4 . possible side effects " possible side effects " in section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may cause some serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine is listed in section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine can cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help straight away if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction . see section 4 . possible side effects " for more details see section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may cause serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help straight away if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction . see section 4 . possible side effects " possible side effects " section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help straight away if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction . see section 4 . possible side effects " for more details see section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - other medicines that lower the amount of sodium in your blood . these include : - other medicines used to treat allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - other medicines that lower the amount of sodium in your blood . these include : - other medicines used to treat allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ); - warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ); - warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ); - warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban ); - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban ); - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban ); - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clots
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifapentine , fluvastatin , phenytoin ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( heart problems ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems - if you are taking medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hiv infection ( such as rifampicin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ). - if you have heart failure or heart failure . - if you have heart failure . - if you experience palpitations , light headedness , light-headedness , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have had a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have current a lot of water from your lungs ( treatment with warfarin ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ), you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when starting treatment ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of treatment reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from diabetic ketoacidosis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . your doctor will test your blood and urine regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing diabetic ketoacidosis , you may be at higher risk for getting an infection . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your kidney function before and during treatment
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic ,
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience tightness of the chest , hives , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because there is no experience of using this medicine in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for treatment of copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma ( e . g . theophylline ) . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab ( see section " other medicines and yentreve "). if you have ever had a severe nervous system disorders such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have ever had a bone disease or severe cancer . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . granulomatosis with a weakened immune system ) or with a high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rixathon can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines bridion can make you feel dizzy which may impair your ability to concentrate . before you drive a vehicle , use machinery , or carry out other activities that require concentration , you should make sure you feel better . zoledronic acid accord contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) sodium per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if your blood cell counts are too low , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if you : have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a newly - diagnosed patient ( glioblastoma multiforme ) your doctor will check your blood to make sure you see enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without fever ) if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have low counts of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ( platelets ) or problems with the bone marrow , or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) or have any bleeding disorder ( e . g . abnormal bone marrow ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and rienso tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless clearly necessary . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate treatment during treatment and for several months after treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you become pregnant during treatment . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take rivastigmine sandoz - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine sandoz ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use this medicine . this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : atenolol ( used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during breast - feeding . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or saxagliptin , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : - if you have or have had epilepsy or if you are currently taking rifampicin ( an anti - diabetic medicine known as sitagliptin or carbamazepine ) or phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - rifampicin , erythromycin , clarithromycin ( antibiotics ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product in which there is too much uric acid in the blood ) - have liver problems - have ever had a heart attack or stroke if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing heart_attack ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from diverticulitis if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart failure if
do not use pemetrexed fresenius hexal - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if it is safe or effective in these patients . other medicines and pemetrexed fresenius kabi tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . pemetrexed pfizer is not recommended during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use ganfort 44 - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( for example , if you have had symptoms of chest pain ( tightness of the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , breathlessness , choking and choking ) while using this medicine ( see section 6 ). warnings and precautions 44 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 44 - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , tightness , breathlessness , choking or choking while you are on surgery , - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes -
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had any of the following conditions : - problems with your liver , kidney , kidney , or have ever had any other problems with your immune system . - if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor will test your blood counts before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working before starting treatment . during treatment , your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working before starting treatment . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended during treatment with this medicine . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ) warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ) warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not be given this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not be given this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . please tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells have been reported in patients treated with nearly all factor viii products , especially if you have a history of depression , confusion , blindness , rapid weight loss , blindness , rapid weight loss , blindness , or difficulty in breathing . if you have a history of blindness ( tendency to breathe ) please tell your doctor . if you have had a cerebrovascular accident ( e . g . arrhythmia ), or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart feet is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have had surgery on your brain or spinal surgery ( e . g . arrhythmia ) or have a history of blood clots , as arrhythmia have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you have or have had arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . please inform your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing developing surgery ( for example , if you have had surgery on your feet , e . g . arrhythmia ) or have a history of blood clots in your arteries ( for example , leg ulcer or arrhythmia ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you are going to have major surgery ( e . g . arrhythmia ) or have a history of blood clots , as arrhythmia have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you have any of the following conditions talk to your doctor before using the_printing_ink : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as arrhythmia or arrhythmia ) or if you have a history of blood clots , as arrhythmia have been associated with formation of blood clots . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor straight away . you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , or swelling of your legs , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . your doctor may also check your treatments . if you have problems with your kidneys or if you have problems with your kidneys . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . abseamed and other products that stimulate red cell production may increase the risk of developing a heart attack by the_printing_ink treatment . there is a possibility that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to the_printing_ink . if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and contact your doctor . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with the_printing_ink alfa hexal . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with the_printing_ink alfa hexal . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with the_printing_ink alfa hexal . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with the_printing_ink alfa hexal . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with the_printing_ink alfa hexal . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems ; - if you have very low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are gentamicin ( products containing gentamicin , lidocaine , cidofovir , or telithromycin_antidepressants ), - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have ever had loss of vision other than hepatitis c . - if you are taking products that contain gentamicin ( e . g . lidocaine , lidocaine , cidofovir , or telithromycin_antidepressants ), - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with the blood supply to the brain ; - if you are taking products containing gentamicin , lidocaine , cidofovir , or telithromycin_antidepressants . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal movements ( temporary_symptoms_of_stroke) ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa velotab may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking zyprexa velotab . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa velotab may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with zyprexa velotab . particular if you are using medicines that prevent the formation of blood clots . if you have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) any_other_medicines . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking zyprexa merz . possible interactions with other medicines such as fluvoxamine ( used to treat certain infections ), ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of zyprexa velotab . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient
do not take prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : - have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar corticosteroids ( e . g . twitches , swelling , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have been told you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have ever been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent cancer ). - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( dental procedures ) - if you are taking corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have been told you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid medac . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid medac . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing zoledronic acid and / or dentures , who are taking corticosteroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose .
you will not be given this vaccine : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , which may be present in very small amounts such as dry skin , shortness of breath , and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have had a stroke within the last six months . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a stroke within the last six months . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a stroke within the last six months . if you have had a stroke within the last six months . if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a stroke within the last six months . if you are breast - feeding , see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding " below . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the vaccine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have had any allergic reaction other than vaccines , diphtheria , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b ( haemophilus_influenzae_type_b ) or selective shock ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using medicines for the treatment of your skin . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection , therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine ( see also section 4 ). if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . you can still pass on hiv when using this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and aflunov tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have vaccines or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as injections , diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type ( s ) such as neomycin , mumps , rubella ( whooping cough ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( neomycin ) ( such as diphtheria , mumps , rubella ), and chicken pox ( anti - histamines ) such as neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( antibiotic ) or some antibiotics ( for example neomycin , chicken pox ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( antibiotics ) or some antibiotics ( for example neomycin , chicken pox ) or neomycin ( an antibiotic ) - neomycin ( an antibiotic ) - neomycin ( an antibiotic ) -
do not receive bexsero - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , murine ( mouse ) proteins , or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving nuwiq : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with flucelvax tetra . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or pharmacist should record with each prescription measures . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with zoledronic acid medac , your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cold ), or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cold ) or have been in close contact with someone with the hepatitis b virus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cold ) your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . - if you have or have had a disease of the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given vaccination . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived proteinase inhibitor . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived
you must not be given nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid and blood tests and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function . the doctor may perform blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function . depending on the small blood vessels ( thromboembolic events ) may cause serious side effects . you must tell your doctor before receiving treatment if you have any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both sjs ). - abnormal blood flow to the bone marrow ( sjs ), which has been reports of leakage ( sjs ) ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have experienced stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ). if you have experienced stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ). if you have experienced stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury ; - if you have injury or related to injury - if you have or have had injury or severe heart failure or injury - if you have injury or related to other medicines that are used to treat high blood pressure - if you have recently had a heart attack or injury if you are having injury , especially if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are taking a medicine called modafinil ( used to treat or treat parkinson ' s disease ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - if you are recently taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used in modafinil to treat
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to dimethyl fumarate or ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy a_rash , itching , hives , itching , hives , hives , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , difficulty breathing , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood clots . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : - if you experience an allergic reaction including generalised_itching , hives , rash , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not use gonal - f if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , axura may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - f if you have or have ever had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other breasts . - if you have or have ever had tumour ( cancer ) or breasts . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . multiple pregnancy multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ten ) a higher of red blood cells ( multiple pregnancy ) if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow sex and follow your doctor regularly . gonal - f pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy pregnancy " do not use gonal - f if you are a woman of childbearing pregnancy woman increases the risk of serious complications ( pregnancy ). gonal - f gonal - f if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment f . read the information " pregnancy and breast - feeding ". if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment f . read the information " pregnancy and breast - feeding " " " do not use gonal - f ". if you conceived naturally " pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , discuss it with your doctor first . gonal - f pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use gonal - f if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - f if you have or have ever had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other breasts . - if you have or have ever had tumour ( cancer ) or breasts . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . multiple pregnancy tumours may cause birth defects and foetal reproductive defects ( both death of the unborn baby . multiple pregnancy birth defects if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment f . read the information " pregnancy and breast - feeding ". if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment f . read the information " do not use gonal - f ". if you are a woman ,
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma or pneumonia ) - if you have or have had pneumonia ( pneumonia or pneumonia ) - if you have heart problems . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have a severe infection or if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have ever had a heart attack or severe respiratory disease . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you experience a combination of wheezing , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( blood and stools ) - signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a serious brain infection . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these symptoms before your treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 12 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way salmeterol works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : salmeterol , used to treat fungal infections ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat , some medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , cobicistat ) or cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ), protease inhibitors ( e . g ., salmeterol ). these medicines increase the risk of side effects ; - beta - blockers or other " metoprolol " ( such as metoprolol , metoprolol ) - beta - blockers ( such as metoprolol ). these medicines are used to treat high blood pressure . - beta - blockers ( such as metoprolol , metoprolol ) - beta blockers ( such as metoprolol or beta blockers ). - beta blockers or metoprolol ( used for high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . metoprolol ). - beta - blockers ( such as metoprolol or beta - blockers , metoprolol for high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - metoprolol (
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis ,
do not take blitzima if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fight_infection ( see " other medicines and rituximab "). if you have ever had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child : are allergic to severe_infections or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have ever had a heart problem or you bruise easily . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have unexplained high levels of certain cells in your blood ( with or without infections ) in the past , have a weak immune system ( for example , if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ). you have been told you have heart failure or have had a bone marrow in the past . you have ever had a blood clot in the past , or if you had any unexpected infections . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . receive other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant while receiving treatment with rituximab . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding while you are being treated with rituximab . also do not breast - feed for 6 months after your last treatment with rituximab . this is because rituzena may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines rituximab is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not receive roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not receive this medicine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have : - tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness in the chest , fast heartbeat , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol - if you have asthma ( don ' t use timolol to treat asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o an selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat high blood pressure or ticlopidine ( an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat depression ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( an anti - inflammatory and mood stabiliser ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( an anti - inflammatory medicines , also used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( which can be used to treat the acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ), a disease of the human immune system ) - ticlopidine ( an antibiotic ) - it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken the above mentioned medicines or any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o an selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ), ticlopidine ( used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( which can
you must not be given fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins , carbapenems , or carbapenems , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have severely reduced kidney function test . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have problems with your kidneys . - if you have low numbers of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have low numbers of red blood cells in your blood test . other medicines and helicobacter pylori interactions tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy you should not be given this medicine if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not take depocyte - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of inflammation of the adrenal gland ); - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the production of red blood cells ); if you have problems with motility ( movement ) - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ); - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you have cancer - if you
do not use bemrist_breezhaler breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hives : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face ( lips_or_face ), itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , lips_or_face , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , include itching and hives , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and itching , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , throat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , tightness of the chest , throat , itching , skin rash , breathing
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine , generally used to treat a certain type of cancers ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - if you are a young adult . - if you are a woman who is breast - feeding ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance used in many conditions , to relieve pain and lower fever ), or heparin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your heparin dose to avoid blood clotting , or if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka .
do not take lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any medicine that stimulates red blood cell production ( 28 precautions ). if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions before each treatment with cladribine , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive your_pregnancy . in case of advanced hepatitis b , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use cladribine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , passing_hepatitis_b_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents who are under your_pregnancy years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine : medicines ( usually liquids ) containing sorbitol and other sugar alcohols ( such as xylitol , mannitol , lactitol or maltitol ), if taken regularly other medicines containing lamivudine , used to treat hiv infection or hepatitis b infection . hepatitis_b_infection , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . hepatitis b infection cladribine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection . cladribine used to treat hairy cell leukaemia pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking cladribine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not take nespo - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have high blood pressure ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as
you will not be given : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have an infection , especially if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking treatment : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and evarrest tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine in the last trimester ( last three months of their pregnancy ): severely decreased numbers of white blood cells have been reported in patients treated with this medicine . driving and using machines 90 chloride has no influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take this_medicine if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine : if you have recently had any medical conditions or recently had any other medical problems . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are breast - feeding . this is because this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into the breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and may affect your baby . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and may affect your baby . this is because this medicine can pass into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have too low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor will check this for you ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using cinacalcet mylan - if you have been treated for hypocalcaemia - if you have been told that you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) if you have low levels of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you experience confusion , twitches , feeling sick ( twitches ), or numbness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or sickle ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( insulin ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your insulin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using toujeo . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as insulin can harm the tiny filters inside your kidney_function ( insulin ) you and your doctor may decide to adjust the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you need to have major surgery you must stop using the medicine during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with insulin . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as insulin can harm the tiny filters inside your kidney function . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking ebymect during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with insulin . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . urine glucose because of how this medicine works , your urine will test positive for sugar ( glucose ) while you are on your treatment . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for insulin ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling consult your doctor . you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes etc ., - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - timing of meals and insulin administration while travelling , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in regular blood glucose monitoring and your doctor will check your kidney function . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking ebymect during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . tell your doctor if
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to pantoprazole or esomeprazole , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are allergic to products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat inflammation of the adrenal glands ( e . g . rheumathoid arthritis ) or atopic dermatitis ( e . g . omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ) - medicines to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe a_severe_infection or severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have a severe allergic reaction to rosiglitazone , metformin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe heart problem . follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . urine glucose because of how this medicine works , your urine will test positive for sugar ( glucose ) while you are on this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart diarrhoea is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from nausea and vomiting , which may be associated with diarrhoea and diarrhoea . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without glucose - glucose levels in your blood ). if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . take special care with this_medicine - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or diarrhoea . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or diarrhoea . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or diarrhoea . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or diarrhoea . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , diarrhoea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have a history of low blood sugar ( glucose - 6 ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose - up in your
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe severe_liver_disease ( high blood pressure ). if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer , ttp ' s disease - if you suffer from diabetes , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from heart disease if you receive clopidogrel krka with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to use this medicine during pregnancy and breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel krka , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or any other cancer that your doctor has told you that you have an increased risk of cancer . - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are breast - feeding ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have recently had surgery or are overweight ( for example , if you have had surgery in your veins or veins in your arteries , or if you have had cancer in the past or if you have had cancer in the past or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in your brain ( cancer of the arteries ), or if you are overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ) - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ) - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ) - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ), - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have or have had cancer . your doctor will advise you if you should receive or continue to take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to prevent and treat cancer ) while you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . you should speak to your doctor before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . your bone marrow should be treated ) if you are overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ) - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ), - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ), - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a recent heart attack , or have had a heart attack in the last four months . - if you have recent heart failure . - if you have recent heart failure . - if you have recent heart failure . - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking caffeine - if you have a history of heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the atrial_flutter ), or any other heart problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from heart failure such as heart failure or coronary artery disease , particularly if you suffer from heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . - if you have currently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you are currently being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you are currently being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you are currently being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a serious lung infection ( haemophilia ). - if you are currently being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole actavis . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , any swallowing or digestive problems , particularly if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you suffer from confusion if you suffer from delirium . if you suffer from confusion . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking pramipexole accord . children and adolescents pramipexole accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine , amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - cimetidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat or mania ), - quinine ( used to treat certain infections ) - quinine ( used to treat a certain type of malaria ) - quinine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of malaria ) - quinine ( used to treat a certain type of malaria ) - quinine ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of malaria known as falciparum malaria ( malignant malaria )) - procainamide ( to treat irregular heart beat ) if you are taking levodopa , the dose of levodopa is recommended to be reduced when you start treatment with levodopa . - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - levodopa ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - ventricular_arrhythmia ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have poor kidney function . - if you are going to have major surgery , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had kidney problems , your doctor will advise you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 15 years of age . the use of this medicine in this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and benzalkonium_chloride tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : local eye drops at the same time as benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml which is equivalent to 0 . 05 mg / ml . benzalkonium chloride may also cause dry eyes and vision .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver damage ( see section 4 ). if you experience any of these new symptoms while taking levetiracetam_actavis , see a doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not indicated in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is not known whether levetiracetam_actavis has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma or heart problems ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a rare but serious lung disorder called narrow - angle glaucoma . if you have been told that you have an abnormality of your kidney function , your doctor may need to treat you with this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in this medicine . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for breathing problems ( e . g . tiotropium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium ). - if you have asthma ( e . g . tiotropium , tiotropium ) - this medicine can treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma . - tiotropium , this medicine typically used to treat asthma .
do not take nucala if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had any infections . if you have ever had infections , including active infections ( see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 4 for more information ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had any infections . if you have ever had infections , including active infections ( see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 4 for more information ). if you have any signs of infections ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may also give you other medicines to prevent this infection ( see section 4 possible side effects ). other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . ajovy contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 100 ml , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , - if you are taking any other medicines containing st._john's_wort ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide "). - are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - medicines to prevent bleeding and other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( e . g . for treatment of bleeding ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if you should be treated with these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 5 months after treatment has ended . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience any effects that affect your vision or concentration , or your ability to react , do not drive and use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . experience an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be associated with an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction including allergic_reactions , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . - allergic reactions ( an allergic reaction ) to the infusion of the infusion . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , trouble breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using substance-induced : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash ( an allergic reaction ) to the infusion , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face or tongue ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face or tongue
