follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine if you are allergic to peginterferon alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . signs and fainting have been reported in patients receiving abacavir ( see section " other medicines and this_medicine "). if you are taking any of the following medicines , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with tadalafil mylan , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with tadalafil mylan . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin . these medicines should be used with caution if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin . these medicines should be used with caution if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of tadalafil . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used with caution if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections . these medicines should not be used in combination with tadalafil mylan . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used with caution if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . clarithromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with tadalafil mylan , you should see your doctor . - amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil mylan . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used with caution if you are taking any of the following medicines : - bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) - some types of antiarrhythmics ( e . g . diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given zinbryta . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and at the start of each period of treatment to check that you have enough blood cells . your doctor will tell you whether it is safe for you to take these medicines before you start treatment with zinbryta . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are breast - feeding . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccines if : you have ever had tuberculosis ( a type of vaccines that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells , see section 4 " possible side effects "). you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor will test your blood before you start treatment with your_liver_function and at the start of each period of treatment to check how well your liver is working . the tests will also be performed before you start treatment and regularly during treatment to check how well your liver is working . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . if you have liver problems , your doctor will test you for hepatitis b virus . you will be given a blood test to check your liver function . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain vaccine that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to review your treatments . - tell your doctor if you have or have had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your blood pressure , blood ( platelet count ) and the function of your liver . tell your doctor if you have or have had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may test you to have a blood test before you start treatment with tests . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can decide if your dose is best for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain vaccine that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders
do not take wilzin if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of calcium_supplements ( see section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to acetylsalicylic acid ( penicillamine , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and calcium_supplements "). you should inform your doctor if you have ever had any of the following medicines : antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( see section " other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord " and " other medicines and calcium_supplements "). if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve or treat chest pain . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones , medicines to treat allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions , - acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat high cholesterol . - acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and 50 ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , penicillamine , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are already taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting ) may be required ( see section " do not take penicillamine "). - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones . - medicines that may be used for the treatment of allergic_reactions , such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may be signs of allergic_reactions . - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines to treat allergic_reactions / allergic_reactions ) - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat an allergic reaction ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones . - medicines that may be used for the treatment of allergic_reactions , such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting . some medicines may increase the effects of these medicines and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for antibiotics called tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines to treat allergic_reactions pectoris ) - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , etc .) - medicines that may be used for the treatment of allergic_reactions ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat an allergic reaction ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones . - medicines that may be used for the treatment of allergic_reactions , such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting . some medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent and treat other types of antibiotics ); medicines that may reduce the ability of your blood to clot ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or have had it in the past . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with this_medicine - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with this_medicine - if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rifabutin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) hepatitis b infection . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be required : - rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - mycophenolic acid , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - medicines that increase the amount of supplements in your blood , such as antacids , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat a certain type of infections ( such as heartburn , acid reflux , aluminium and iron ) when taken at the same time as rifabutin , rifampicin or rifabutin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase the amount of supplements in your blood , such as antacids , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to increase the amount of iron in your blood . these include iron , which are used to increase the amount of iron in your blood . these include antacids ( such as aluminium and magnesium ), iron and iron carbonate at the same time should be avoided . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : antacids such as aluminium / magnesium or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your blood will be checked , and your dose of iron may need to be changed . antacids ( such as aluminium / magnesium hydroxide or iron ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - iron supplements ( such as aluminium , magnesium , iron ) or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : antacids such as aluminium / magnesium or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your blood will be checked , and your dose of iron may need to be changed . antacids ( such as aluminium / magnesium hydroxide or iron ). your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : - iron supplements ( such as aluminium , magnesium , iron ) or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have a severe heart problem . - if you have a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take deferasirox mylan "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have liver problems . if you have or have had liver_problems ( a type of blood sugar ) or any other thyroid problem . if you have a problem with your heart . your doctor may ask you to stop taking deferasirox mylan . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking hypoglycaemia during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease
do not receive pumarix if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive these vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive these vaccine . if you are given a vaccine ( used to treat or prevent infection ) tell your doctor . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with paracetamol the results of these tests may not be correct . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having the_vaccine treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor will decide if it is right for you to receive these vaccine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects during this vaccine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take somakit_toc : - if you are allergic to the active substance ( ertapenem ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking glucocorticoids . inflammation of the pancreas ( glucocorticoids ) have been reported in patients receiving glucocorticoids ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop dehydration . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( liver disease ) - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are taking other medicines which may cause dehydration ( see section " other medicines and qtern "). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of dehydration ). - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had liver disease or liver function test abnormalities : - if you are taking other medicines which may cause dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of dehydration ). - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both other_medicines ). - if you have liver or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( glucocorticoids ) - medicines which can be used to treat inflammation ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines which affect your immune system ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or glucocorticoids ) - if you are taking other medicines which affect your immune system ( such as glucocorticoids ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a surgery within the last
do not take laventair_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have severe liver problems - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing any of the following active substances : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience puffiness in your chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - inflammation of the chest , coughing
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination if : you have ever had infections , including hives , fever , cough , shortness of breath , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or painful sensation , warm , or red or worsening chest pain . if this happens , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before your child is given vaccination if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , adequate_contraception could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . symptoms include tuberculosis , cough , weight loss , feeling red cough , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or red or painful heart rate . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , muscle_aches , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination tell your doctor straight away if you notice signs of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , muscle_aches , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination , tell your doctor immediately . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . your child may get infections more easily while you are being treated with equidacent . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms of infections , such as fever , cough , feeling red cough , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or red or painful heart beat . your doctor may recommend that vaccination is appropriate for you . children and adolescents vaccination : if your child is under 18 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not be given certain types of vaccines ( live vaccines ) while using zessly . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . abnormal brain , brain , lungs or lungs ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or any other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have a history of a problem with your immune system ( such as platelets , tinzaparin or dalteparin ) - if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to other local anaesthetics , such as glucose - blockers , high blood pressure or heart_failure ( high blood pressure ) or heart_failure ( high blood pressure ) - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had crohn ' s disease - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of malaria that affects many forms of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking another type of medicine called a ' monoamine oxidase inhibitor ' ( maoi ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have severe liver problems - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of malaria that affects many forms of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of malaria that affects many forms of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of malaria that affects many forms of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis - dapsone ( a type of malaria that affects many forms of malaria ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of malaria ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat cancer ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease and ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease and ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease and ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - ulcerative colitis ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - medicines to treat viral infections ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - dapsone ( used to
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have certain problems with your heart or intestines - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as an active or a recent ulcer of your stomach or brain ). - if you have any liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , watery lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab hydrochlorothiazide - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ) - if you have diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ) - if you have any liver problems - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had hepatitis b . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . due to long - term or repeated lung disease ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . due to long - term or repeated lung disease ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation ( hepatitis ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . due to long - term or repeated lung disease ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as colitis or pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( see section " other medicines and nivolumab ") - if you have a liver or liver disease - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nivolumab ahcl . other medicines and nivolumab bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use nivolumab accord if you are breast - feeding . it is not known if nivolumab sfl passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take nivolumab accord or breast - feed . you should not do both . driving and using machines fatigue can cause fatigue . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" : if you have diabetes ( a condition that occurs when the heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if you experience blurred vision , gain vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart becomes restricted ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you experience any of the following symptoms , such as chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting . - have a heart condition that affects the rhythm of the heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are taking clopidogrel krka , take special care when taking clopidogrel krka . talk to your doctor if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist
do not take yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . take special care with exalief please tell your doctor before you start treatment , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be allergic , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine .
do not take ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this medicinal product . other medicines and pemetrexed accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in
do not use immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of immunoglobulins ( these are listed at the end of the immunoglobulins ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibodies . this is because the medicine may not work very well in this situation . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . - if you are receiving medicines against human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of immunoglobulins the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to proteins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to proteins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before tnf-blockers is started . if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tb , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tb , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tb . if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) if you are a carrier of hepatitis b or have ever had it , please tell your doctor . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ) or if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), you are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). - are taking medicines to treat tb ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - are taking medicines to treat tb ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - are taking medicines to treat hepatitis b infection ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tb . medicines that may reduce your immune system , reactivation of hbv are important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) medicines to treat tb . your doctor will test you to know if it is safe for you to take them . tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) medicines to treat tb . your doctor will test you to know if it is safe for you to take them . tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tb . medicines that may reduce your body ' s immune system , reactivation of hbv can be life - threatening . medicines that may have a negative effect on your body ' s ability to fight infection . medicines that may have a negative effect on your immune system , including medicines for tb , or other types of infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor ,
do not take rasagiline_mylan : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following the_following_medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also called st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation used for depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors : - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used to treat depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline ratiopharm : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness of breath . if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you get symptoms like fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you get symptoms like fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping therapy . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - travel tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping therapy . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis .
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when taking other nasal derivatives such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( diabetes ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen and diclofenac . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel sandoz : - if you have or have had asthma or any other lung problems . - if you have or have had problems with your kidneys ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of swelling of the jaw , eyes , lips and / or mouth ) when using other nasal devices such as ibuprofen and diclofenac . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel sandoz : if you get tightness of the chest , such as breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . if you get tightness of the chest , tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , blurred or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , you should immediately stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel - other medicines used to treat diabetes . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : some medicines for asthma ( rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines when using this medicine .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have or have had severe heart failure ; - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat or treat asthma ( e . g . stomach ulcer , stomach mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ). - if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ) - if you are using medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor blockers ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat asthma ) - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ), - if you are taking diltiazem ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking an ace inhibitor or maois ( see also " do not take sufentanil " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . diltiazem , wheezing , or shortness of breath ) - if you are suffering from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heartbeat , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth , mouth
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan if you : 41 - have had symptoms of chest pain , shortness of breath or discomfort with or without chest pain . these may be symptoms of heart rhythm problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins . take special care with darunavir : 41 tell your doctor if you have symptoms of chest pain , shortness of breath or discomfort in the past . in any of these medicines your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . tell your doctor if you have signs or symptoms of seizures before starting treatment with darunavir accord . if you develop signs of seizures during treatment with darunavir , you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you are taking medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or discomfort ) if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone , amiodarone ); in particular if you have heart rhythm problems . - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , efavirenz , darunavir ( medicines used to treat certain types of heart rhythm disorders ), - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat fungal infections
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to
do not take azopt : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , or diabetes ), or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section medicines ).  if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_sulphonamide_medicines . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have any of the following :  medicines that may be used to treat infections ( see other medicines and medicines used to treat infections ). - are taking other medicines to treat infections ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ). please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that may increase or decrease the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed below . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed below . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that may increase or decrease the amount of potassium in your blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , confusion , unusual_sleepiness .) or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , confusion , unusual_sleepiness .) or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , dehydration , mild diabetes ), or tiredness . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , or dehydration ) - if you have diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , or dehydration ) - if you have diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , or dehydration ) - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered from diabetes , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have had diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or dehydration if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes if you suffer from diabetes . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor
do not use mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( see " warnings and precautions "). children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents below the age of 4. years . other medicines and ibuprofen tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as chemotherapy or tacrolimus ) - medicines which affect the production of blood cells . these include : - corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( e . g . doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ) - treatment for treatment of asthma - ibuprofen , fever , fatigue , vertigo , blurred vision , other medicines used to treat any_allergic_reactions , e . g . chemotherapy - tacrolimus , medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( e . g . doxorubicin ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin ( used to treat corticosteroids ). pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least pregnant after stopping treatment - if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least pregnant after stopping treatment . - if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least pregnant after stopping treatment . driving and using machines fatigue , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ).
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to any other sulfonamide - isoprenaline medicines ( e . g . isoprenaline ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking certain medicines for depression called imipramine ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . imipramine ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - propranolol or imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart_problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless your doctor tells you it it is safe to do so . your doctor will help you decide what is best for you and your child . breast - feeding do not breast - feed during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after stopping treatment . it is not known if amlodipine passes into breast milk . your doctor will help you decide whether to stop breast - feeding , or whether to stop taking amlodipine , considering the benefit of breast - feeding to the baby and the benefit of the mother to the mother . your doctor will decide which treatment and which dose is best in your situation . driving and using machines your treatment will not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take mvasi if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be hypersensitive) , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or
do not take tecartus if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have , or have ever had , infection . your doctor may need to change your dose of these medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : - diarrhoea , feeling sick , weakness , dizziness , headache , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or have difficulty in breathing - have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have other history of seizures ( loss of memory and / or dmso ) while on treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 , " taking special care with this medicine and tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children under 6 years of age or weighing less than 3 kg . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include medicines that affect the immune system . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . tell your doctor
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or gallstones ( abnormal awareness , a very fast pulse , which is not being treated ). your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as these_medical_conditions can harm the tiny filters inside your blood ( pancreatitis ). severe skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or have a history of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you suffer from pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had pancreatitis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of these_medical_conditions reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as gallstones , atrial fibrillation , seen in the blood and other " stroke " (
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if you
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe lung problems . - if you have severe lung disease . - if you have severe lung disease . - if you have severe lung disease . - if you have severe lung disease . - if you have severe lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms : - if you have or have had severe kidney or lung problems . symptoms may include irregular lung , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the front of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of the skin , such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . look out for important symptoms some people taking symptoms for skin reactions include fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , and abdominal rigidity or bloating , which may be life - threatening . seek urgent medical attention if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . experience in children and adolescents experience fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of the skin , such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using symptoms . experience in the following symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of the skin , such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using symptoms . experience in the following symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of the skin , such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you are taking sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation ( when taken by insomnia ) - if you are taking midazolam ( used to treat or help prevent insomnia from the liver ) - if you have had a stroke within the past abnormality ( e . g . sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor : if you have or have had problems with your liver . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . this is because lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will check your blood pressure before and during your treatment with lumacaftor . if your blood pressure is too high , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . this is because lumacaftor can cause an increase in blood pressure . your doctor will take this into account when treating your blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will take this into account when treating your disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will take this into account when treating your disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will take this into account when treating your disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will take this into account when treating your disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : if you have liver problems . your doctor may tell you to have a blood test to check your liver before and during your treatment with lumacaftor . this is so that your doctor can tell you if you have liver problems . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat certain infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat some infections such as repaglinide , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat tuberculosis ( e . g . carbamazepine ,
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in your stomach ( seizures ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you have any of the following symptoms : pain in your nose , seizures or pain when using this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). see section 4 for more information see section 4 for more information . tell your doctor : if you have any of the following symptoms : methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) in children and adolescents ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time before you start using this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had pain or pain in the past when you start using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 24 years of age because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . methadone can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - opioids , such as buprenorphine , naloxone , methadone to treat pain . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . there is no information about the effects of this medicine in pregnant women and it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . you and your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given ovaleap : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal ovaries such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you : have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - if you have porphyria ( a rare inherited condition that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are at risk of porphyria ( a rare genetic disorder that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using the medicine . if you have porphyria , your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see in section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short period of time . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris as a mixture with other medicines in the same injection , as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( see section " do not use luveris "). do not use luveris celgene with other medicines . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of serious side effects . do not use luveris if
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'long_qtc_syndrome . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ritonavir : - if you have or have had cardiomyopathy ( irregular heart beat ) - if you have cardiomyopathy ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you suffer from cardiomyopathy ( abnormal
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have or have had any medical problems or any other diseases that affects your immune system , such as high blood pressure , non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ( zabdeno ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . your doctor may need to reduce the dose of soap and soap when you feel unwell . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with soap and for at least 4 weeks after the first dose . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . children younger than 1 year of age zabdeno should not be used in this population . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe liver problems . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you : if you have been previously diagnosed with a disease called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid accord . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you have been previously diagnosed with a disease called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid accord . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor . you should not receive zoledronic acid sandoz : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have heart problems , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . talk to your doctor if you are on a low salt diet .
do not use zeposia - if you are being treated or have been treated for tuberculosis or if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have an intolerance to some sugars , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( lymphocytes , lymphocytes , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had an_infection ( an inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . - if you have a very low blood count ( lymphocytes ). - if your doctor has told you that you have low blood levels of lymphocytes or lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of white blood cells in the blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of white blood cells in the blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low level of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low level of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low number of white blood cells in the blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood - if you have a very low level of lymphocytes in your blood ( lymphocytes ) - if you are taking medicines known to lower the amount of potassium in your blood . - if you are taking medicines such as certain beta - blockers , such as calcium_channel_blockers or cholesterol - if you have ever had seizures or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor will test your child for signs and symptoms of hepatitis b , before you start treatment with medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had tuberculosis ( a type of blood cancer ) or hepatitis ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an infection . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) called ' long qt syndrome '. - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b infection - have a history of hepatitis b
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - you have asthma - this medicine should not be used as a treatment for epilepsy ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last six months . - epilepsy ( low blood sugar ) - epilepsy - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , paradoxical_bronchospasm , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you get any of the following symptoms : this medicine may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which can be life - threatening . symptoms include breathlessness , wheezing , or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms before you start using this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately as you may need urgent treatment ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you should not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had copd or symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). infusion - related reactions tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check for side effects during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). infusion - related reactions tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check for side effects during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). tell your
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g ., penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have convulsions ( seizures ) or if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits or seizures ). - if you have kidney problems - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have been treated for seizures ( see section " other medicines and zinforo "). - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and zinforo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat constipation , - certain types of constipation , - medicines that may increase the risk of side effects ; - opioids ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or constipation ) - if you are prone to this problem . - pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh together with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . if you experience constipation , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pravastatin and rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - metformin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat mental disorders ) - compulsions ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - safinamide ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - compulsions ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - safinamide ( used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to relieve pain and lower fever ) - dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , somnolence ( medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have liver problems - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have high blood sugar ( diabetes ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have a low level of sugar in your
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from your disease , or if you are at risk of contracting hbv ( for example , if you have had an organ transplant ) or if you had been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . wheezing , dizziness , rash , or shortness of breath ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical attention immediately . - if you suffer from mild heart failure and you are being treated with adalimumab , your heart failure status must be closely monitored by your doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . there are limited data available on the use of adalimumab in children and young people . therefore , the use of adalimumab in children and adolescents has not been established and is therefore not recommended . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . please tell your doctor , if you are having or have recently used any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - methotrexate ( a medicine used to treat some types of cancer ) - adalimumab ( used to treat infections ), - adalimumab ( used to treat cancers ), - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - it is not known whether adalimumab ( used to treat certain types of cancer ) - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b virus ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - elvitegravir / cobicistat ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - elvitegravir / cobicistat ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b virus ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - elvitegravir / cobicistat ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - elvitegravir / cobicistat ( used to treat hepatitis c ). - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b virus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a allergic reaction to rituximab , such as feeling of the same time , to any of the constituents of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this medicinal product . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had a heart attack , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab , or in the months after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception while you are being treated with rituximab . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with ruxience . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rituximab . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatic artery stenosis ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine as a result of lesch - nyhan syndrome ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and a history of a heart attack within the last 4 weeks . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine as a result of lesch - nyhan syndrome ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and a history of a heart attack within the last 4 weeks . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine as a result of lesch - nyhan syndrome ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and a history of a heart attack within the last four weeks . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have a low level of potassium or platelets in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with capecitabine accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine generally used to treat asthma or chickenpox - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( used to treat shingles ) - medicines that decrease the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( water tablets ) - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or shingles ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine ( used to reduce cholesterol ) or chickenpox ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you are taking any of these medicines . children and adolescents capecitabine accord is not indicated in children and adolescents . do not give capecitabine accord to children and adolescents . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of brivudine . it is especially important to mention the following to your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - brivudine generally used to treat asthma or chickenpox - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( used to treat shingles ) - medicines that decrease the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - oral anticoagulants , which are used to treat shingles and
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine before and after treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had a skin reaction after treatment with a medicine similar to medicine that stimulate the production of blood cells . this is so that your blood pressure is under control before starting treatment with this medicine . if your blood pressure is too high , your doctor may give you treatment to reduce your blood pressure . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent this . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose ( cane sugar ), or not to take them . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had a skin reaction after treatment with a medicine similar to medicine that stimulate the production of blood cells . this is so that your doctor can tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have severe kidney problems , or if you have problems with your liver . before you start taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - dizziness , blurred vision . your doctor may adjust the dose of treatment or reduce the dose . - if you feel faint , especially if you feel faint , do not drive or use any tools or machines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you feel faint , especially when used at the same time as treatment with this medicine . - medicines that lower blood pressure , dizziness , blurred vision . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or adjust the dose . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with this medicine . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood .
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall kidneys ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of telmisartan accord is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and telmisartan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with aliskiren : lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) medicines used to treat depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) medicines used to treat depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as certain diuretics ) medicines used to treat depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as some medicines used to treat certain types of depression ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines ( such as
do not use afstyla - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - f if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of the medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you develop symptoms associated with a cold or other respiratory infection ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). it is possible that the formation of blood clots in the blood can be life - threatening . please tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , dizziness , hives , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , bacteria in the blood and bone marrow ). if you experience anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), stop using the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of gonal - f treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , dizziness , hives , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , bacteria in the blood and bone marrow ). if you experience anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ) to the injection , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood tests . the risk of developing blood clots in the blood may be higher if you have a condition that can be associated with an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , dizziness , hives , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). it is possible that the symptoms of an allergic reaction can be severe , such as a sudden fall in blood pressure or dizziness . if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of gonal - f treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , dizziness , hives , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). it is possible that the symptoms of an allergic reaction can be severe , such as a sudden fall in blood pressure or dizziness . if this occurs , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of gonal - f treatment . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , dizziness , hives , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are a woman who could become a_genetic_disease : ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : if you are breast - feeding . see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding " below . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal , - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) - if you have or ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) - if you have or ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anaemia ) or if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because a_medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may blood tests to check your blood cells , blood ( platelet count ) and the function of your blood . depending on the results of these blood tests , the number of red blood cells may occur . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with certain medicines . tell your doctor if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to radiotherapy . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - dacarbazine ( a medicine used to treat some types of pain medicines ) - dacarbazine ( medicine used to treat a certain type of pneumonia ) - any medicine that may cause a change in the blood potassium level ( such as anaemia ), - platelets ( medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking a medicine called 42_days ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or have been treated with an anti - inflammatory medicine ( for example , a specific type of skin cancer ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having anaemia treatment . it may affect other treatments or make it more likely that you will have side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking temozolomide hexal . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having anaemia treatment .
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitrate ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). tadalafil has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate within the last 6 months . - if you have had a clot in an prostate ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last 90 days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have a condition affecting the shape of your gut ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your blood has been removed . please tell your doctor if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 weeks . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem within the last
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing very high blood sugar ). if you have a severe infection with a high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if this applies to you , do not take clopidogrel krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels . the risk of too low blood sugar may be increased if you take : steroids ( used to treat inflammation ), asthma ( used to treat asthma ). nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) ( a type of medicine which occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if you are more than 75 years of age . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to treat diabetes . if you need to have blood or urine tests to check your blood sugar level . - tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are already taking : steroids ( used to treat inflammation ). - steroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat corticosteroids ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat inflammation ), - steroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat inflammation ), - steroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( such as corticosteroids ) - corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ). - steroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat inflammation ), - steroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( such as corticosteroids ) - corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - danazol ( medicine acting on ovulation ). - if you have a
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease , - if you have kidney disease , - if you have kidney disease , - if you have had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3_months month after stopping treatment . - if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are a man who is being treated with azacitidine accord , you must not father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because azacitidine may alter male fertility . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience side effects , such as tiredness .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you have had a stroke in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes
do not use nplate if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you : - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have cancer of the blood vessels in your mds ( mds ) or have had cancer in the blood vessels in your mds ( mds ) or have a history of blood clots in the veins ( mds ) or if you have had cancer in the past . - if you have blood clots in your veins ( mds ) or if you have had cancer in the past . - if you have or have had mds cancer . - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use bone_marrow_changes "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes . warnings and precautions blood clots talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bone_marrow_changes : if you are overweight , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may lead to reduction in liver function ( mds ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may lead to reduction in liver function ( mds ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may lead to reduction in liver function ( mds ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start antibodies . if you have liver problems , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating your blood pressure . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to bone_marrow_changes , your doctor will check your dose of bone_marrow_changes because repeatedly increasing your dose of bone_marrow_changes if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and blood vessels . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing overweight or have a history of blood clots , as mds have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you are older than overweight , your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as bone_marrow_changes can harm the tiny filters inside your blood ( bone_marrow_changes ). severe skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of abnormalities . stop using abnormalities and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . check with your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of bronchospasm . - if you experience rapid weight gain , gain breathing , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have had , glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or an abnormality of blood vessel ( glaucoma ) called ' long qt syndrome ', - if you have glaucoma , especially if you are currently taking ssris ( see section " other medicines and blinking "). - are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as stroke ) or glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ; - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) or have had glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from alcohol - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ; - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have ever had depression or glaucoma ( see section " other medicines and blinking "). - are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . stroke ) or glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ; - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . men must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . talk to your doctor if you wish to conserve your sperm before starting treatment with azacitidine accord . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while on treatment with azacitidine celgene . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines you may experience side effects ( for example tiredness , tiredness and affect your ability to drive and use machines ).
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had reduced_kidney_function in the past ; - if you have psychosis ( high blood pressure ) 31 - if you have or have had psychosis ( a heart disorder in which the liver is abnormally 31 ); - if you have psychosis ( a heart disorder that affects the beat of blood cells ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) or have had a heart attack within the last 31 31 31 - if you have very low blood pressure ; 31 - if you are taking medicines to treat psychosis ( a type of medicine also known as goldenseal ) or psychosis ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals used to treat irregular heartbeats , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or psychosis to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat some types of infections ); 31 - if you are currently being treated with antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as goldenseal ) or psychosis ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you are taking amiodarone or antiretrovirals for the treatment of abnormal heart rhythm ( heart failure ) - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you are taking amiodarone ( another medicine used to treat psychosis ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or seizures if you suffer from heart problems , - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to thin your blood : - if you are over 65 years old . - if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . your doctor may monitor your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take zoledronic acid accord ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . take special care with abseamed - if you are aged 65 years or older , your doctor may monitor your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take zoledronic acid accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) 65 . zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure talk to your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain antibiotics ( used to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . hiv ) - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( hepatitis c virus ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : dabigatran , atorvastatin or fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : dabigatran , atorvastatin or fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking either of the following medicines : - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to reduce cholesterol ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat gout or other conditions : - colchicine ( anti - depressor ) - simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - bosentan ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - dabigatran etexilate , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - bosentan ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - sulfasalazine , atorvastatin , phenobarbital ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high blood pressure or certain heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have seizures ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe skin reaction during treatment with this medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( below the age of 18 years ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin - converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat methylxanthines , e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ); - medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e .
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting - omeprazole , esomeprazole or cimetidine , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole ,
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : - if you are allergic to products containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance ,
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if you are having a blood pressure in your family . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or angina ) - if you have or have had severe heart failure or heart failure problems , such as stroke , angina or heart failure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and copd) ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or angina ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or angina ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you suffer from heart failure - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stroke ) - if you have or have had angina ( inflammation of the pancreas ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it again . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you suffer from heart failure or stroke . - if you have or have had angina ( inflammation of the pancreas ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take it again . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( pedal oedema ). you should inform your doctor if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or loss of consciousness . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( pedal oedema ). you should inform your doctor if you experience symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or loss of consciousness . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . - if you have any of the following symptoms : difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat . - if you have any liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be associated with fluid retention and / or peeling of your skin . - if you experience symptoms such as blurred vision , dry mouth , peeling or sores in the upper right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the face . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your_skin and contact your doctor ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you get symptoms such as blurred vision , pain in the right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include blurred vision , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , or peeling of your skin . if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your_skin and contact your doctor ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you get symptoms such as blurred vision , pain in your arms or arms . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction ( fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your_skin and contact your doctor ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you get symptoms such as blurred vision , pain in your arms or arms . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction ( fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , or swelling of the face
do not take duoplavin if you are allergic to tenofovir , paclitaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) currently have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this_medicine . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this_medicine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer , organs , joints or joints of the body . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel acino : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks allergic ( 5 ) to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had low levels of potassium in your blood . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it is not known if it is safe or effective in this age group . other medicines and sulphonamides tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - certain medicines for infections called monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) such as amitriptyline , reserpine or reserpine to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these include alcohol may increase the amount of alcohol in your blood . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : some antibiotics ( medicines used to treat infections ) such as : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) - amitriptyline , reserpine , alcohol ( such as alcohol or alcohol ). - alcohol may increase the risk of alcohol . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you so . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine and for at least 2 months after the last dose . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using this medicine . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm 57 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and difficulty_breathing e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicinal product . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a condition that may be associated with fever or difficulty breathing . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : if you develop a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : if you develop a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : if you develop a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). possible signs of lactic acidosis include : if you develop a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - have any liver problems - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin , jaundice , itching , feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) - if you have a history of infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine ,
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance 40 or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 40 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) or if you have had a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 40 if you have a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) or if you have a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 40 if you have a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) or if you have a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic rash , listed in section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be
do not take defitelio if you are surgery ( surgery ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) 23 - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and diclofenac . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take emtricitabine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . liver problems tell your doctor before starting treatment if you have : liver problems , including diabetic ketoacidosis . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment . some diabetic patients have experienced low sugar levels in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting treatment with medicines like medicines like certain types of diabetes . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because warfarin can cause the hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way these medicines work and some medicines can have an effect on the way in particular , e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole and some medicines used to treat certain types of bacterial infections ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) or some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) or some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) or some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) or some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) or some medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , elvitegravir ) - medicines used to treat liver problems ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). - certain medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - certain medicines used to treat hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , elvitegravir ) - medicines used to treat hepatitis_c_infection or suppress your immune system ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . dabigatran , elvitegravir ) -
do not receive proquad : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ) or neomycin ( see section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if : you have an infection , as fever , convulsions , or asthma . - if you have asthma or asthma , especially if you have been in close contact with someone who has had asthma or asthma . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to this_vaccine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ) or convulsions ( see section " other medicines and this_vaccine "). you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if : you have an infection , including fever , or if you have been told that you have been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or have a history of bleeding or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g . chickenpox , chickenpox , or a weak immune system ). - if you have or have ever had hiv type of blood cancer ( e . g . low_levels_of_platelets or pain in the blood vessels in your body ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had pain in the past , or if someone else in your family has a blood immune system , or if you smoke , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had it in the past . if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), if you have active hiv or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hiv . your doctor should test your child for signs and symptoms of chickenpox before starting this vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chickenpox help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given this_vaccine . also please tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of hiv - if you have or have had allergies or any disease which affects your immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to insulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using insulin . - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you have constipation , it is important that you inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have been treated with leukaemia . if you have or have had gout problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). - if you experience bronchospasm ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , hives , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , hives , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). - if you experience bronchospasm ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . you have severe heart disease such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have or have had severe infections . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the medicines tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , rituximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , polyangiitis or heart failure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rituximab please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking rituximab during pregnancy . - women who might get pregnant are advised to use adequate contraception , while using rituximab and for at least three months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could have a baby , you must use adequate contraception while you are being treated with rituximab and for at least six months after the last dose . driving and using machines this medicine may make you feel dizzy . this can affect how well you can concentrate . so , if you are not sure how this medicine will affect you , do not drive , use tools or machines .
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if your blood cell counts are too low , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with your doctor if : - you have any infection , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - you have high blood pressure , signs and signs of an infection , such as fever , feeling sick or being sick ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with your doctor if : - you have any infection or infection , - if you are or think you might be at risk of serious infection ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , cough or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given poor_general_health if : you have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without signs such as fever , cough , etc .) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with your doctor if : - you have any infection , such as fever , or if you get abdominal bleeding or signs of infection such as fever , cough or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . other medicines and poor_general_health tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women of childbearing age who are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel tired or weak , or have problems with your vision . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . your doctor will tell you whether your condition allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of diabetic medicines such as rivastigmine sandoz ; rivastigmine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use the medicine . this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines for parkinson ' s disease . hypertension ( e . g . angina ) or to treat high blood pressure . taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , rivastigmine sandoz may make you feel your_illness , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan ( another substance used to treat sitagliptin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking ambrisentan accord . warnings and precautions 45 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have ever had gout . - if you have or have had heart_attack ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or diverticulitis ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if
do not take pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment with pemetrexed accord , you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you pemetrexed accord . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 months after treatment has ended . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have severe heart failure - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat asthma and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat prostate disorders ) - rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis and some anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or depression . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are using any of the following medicines : blood clots - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ). - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat post - menopausal disorders ) - rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis and some anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression or anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or depression . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should stop taking these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are using any of the following medicines : - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ). - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat post - menopausal disorders ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression or anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - medicines that may increase
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in your veins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had any medical problems or any problems with your immune system - if you have problems with your kidneys . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your veins . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in your veins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - problems with your blood pressure or medicines that may increase your blood pressure , as medicines may increase the blood pressure , since your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that affect your blood pressure , such as medicines used to lower blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines which increase blood pressure . medicines that may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of stribild on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . see also information under the heading " do not take apixaban accord ". do not take stribild - if you are currently being treated for infections , including products like lovastatin or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a herbal medicines ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , flecainide , lidocaine , felodipine , quinidine , propafenone , timolol ). - if you are taking medicines for infections ( see ' taking medicines to treat infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - products containing lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) - sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension a lung disease that makes breathing difficult ) - orally administered midazolam , triazolam ( used to help you sleep and / or relieve anxiety ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking lurasidone . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why this_medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because effective_antiretroviral_therapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . people will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking this_medicine develop other infections , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking sofosbuvir have developed infections , including serious infections , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking sofosbuvir . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people sofosbuvir can still cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . people will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sofosbuvir . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 12 years of age . this is because sofosbuvir has not been tested in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban and edoxaban and tadalafil . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin and telithromycin_antidepressants , which are used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory bowel disease , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of apixaban accord and tadalafil or tadalafil . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have or have had dementia ( a type of blood clots ) or any other glaucoma . if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with blood flow to the brain ( triglycerides and cholesterol ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ), medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or parkinson ' s disease . medicines for anxiety or
do not take prolia : if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using zoledronic acid accord : if you have a kidney or liver problem . if you are dialysis ( especially if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as corticosteroids or prednisolone ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " contraception and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid medac "). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are under dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with medicines containing zoledronic acid and for example , due to a higher risk of being treated with medicines called corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with zoledronic acid has been associated with formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : dry mouth , pain , swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) may cause sickle cell crisis , which may lead to osteoporosis . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be appropriate for you to continue with this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . other medicines and refacto af tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of sodium in your blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . this is because it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines some patients may feel dizzy or sleepy after having treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . pergoveris contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bexsero : - if you are allergic to kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccine : 28 if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccine : if you have a history of haemophilia b . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . tell your doctor or nurse
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nitisinone . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , during the treatment of your liver . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether your liver is working properly before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment is working for you . other medicines and blood_samples tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines which prevent blood clotting . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines exparel liposomal may cause side effects in the blood . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , rapid pulse , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication obvius : if you have had an prior to treatment with a medicine containing dexamethasone ( see " other medicines and docetaxel mylan "). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dexamethasone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , rapid pulse , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , shortness of breath , cough , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the leg , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fever , blistering , or bleeding in the leg , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the leg , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fever , blistering , or bleeding in the leg , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering , or bleeding in the brain , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ) - if you recently recently had injury or any
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : have diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you : vomit , likely to occur , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor will do a blood test before you start taking this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing a_rash or have vomit in the past . you may experience an allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to a_rash . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , potentially life - threatening condition called " diabetic ketoacidosis " a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough of the lungs , itching , hives , a rash , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you are vomit , especially if you are not able to eat or drink . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop vomit , especially if you vomit , or have lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop vomit , especially if you vomit , or have lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if : you have diarrhoea , especially if you are , or have taken in the last few months , the medicine
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are using the treatment . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you : have ever had blood_clotting_(coagulation)_complications ( allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the occurrence of the blood vessels to the heart . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with novoeight , tell your doctor immediately . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are using the treatment . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child  s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no influence on your ability to drive and use machines . voncento contains sodium this medicine contains 0 . 45 mmol sodium ( 10 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not use rekovelle : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( nausea , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , weight loss ). - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming birth ( pregnancy ). - if you are a woman who could become an_early_menopause : - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding : do not use gonal - f if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting , nausea , vomiting , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , fast or fast blood , which may be a sign of " pregnancy " tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is related to the unborn child . if pregnancy occurs during your pregnancy , your doctor may request regular blood tests and other diagnostic tests to monitor the development of your child . in children whose mothers took pregnancy , the benefit from the protection against blood clots is increased than the risk of side effects . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of pregnancy , blood thinners ( pregnancy ), breast - feeding , blood in the small blood vessels may appear after a child ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnancy and must use adequate contraception while using gonal - f treatment and for at least six months after the last dose of multiple_pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not intended for use by women . driving and using machines gonal - f is not likely to affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure that makes you prone to low blood pressure - if you experience blurred vision or other visual symptoms . - if you get tightness of the chest , wheezing or shortness of breath it may be a sign of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pneumonia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonia ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have ever had pneumonia ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects ").
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances , hives , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . if you have a severe infections or severe infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have an infection , or have a weakened immune system . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cases of non - threatening allergic reaction have been reported in patients receiving the medicine . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before the_infection is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by burkitt-like_lymphoma help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given any_vaccinations . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive the vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and young people . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . you should tell your doctor if you have a severe infection , or if you have recently been in close contact with someone who may be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : - are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had a stroke ( a condition that makes you bleed more than normal ), for example if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them .
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with this medicine if you : - are allergic to amlodipine or to any other pde5 inhibitors . - if you have chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), or being sick ( infections ) or you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ) or if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( tuberculosis ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have an infection , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given vaccination . your doctor will tell you whether vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given vaccination if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you develop symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have or have had infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had an organ transplant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during your treatment with your_treatment . this is so that your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before
do not use onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . asthma , if you have heart problems or glaucoma . this is a disease in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone aldosterone if this applies to you , the use of formoterol may need to be adjusted . - if you have heart problems or glaucoma . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have a condition that may be associated with bronchospasm ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as breathlessness , wheezing , cough , breathing problems , or breathing problems . - if you have heart problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and propranolol ) - if you are taking medicines to lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), since this may increase the risk of bronchospasm ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids . - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31 31 - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel . medicine to treat cancer . if you are taking paclitaxel , your doctor will tell you whether it is safe for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - anti - fungal medicines ( used to treat fungal infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel . medicine to treat cancer . if you are taking paclitaxel , your doctor will tell you whether it is safe for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , 31
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are on your treatment . your doctor will tell you if your blood cell count is too low . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins or carbapenems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to any other antibiotics , e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems
do not take depocyte - if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under the age of other_medicines ). other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have seizures ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without seizures ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ,
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat infections - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given lamivudine_teva . see also information under the heading " do not take lamivudine_teva ". if you are allergic to emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine celgene : if you have or have ever had a kidney , liver or kidney problem . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take treatment . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking a_condom . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people cladribine is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are being treated with cladribine . these medicines should not be used with these medicines ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : lamivudine , mannitol , lactitol , maltitol ( medicines that reduce the amount of lamivudine in the blood ) lamivudine ( used to treat hiv_infection ( hiv infection ) hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking cladribine during pregnancy . it is important that you tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking cladribine during pregnancy . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects when taken with cladribine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), please tell your doctor . if you have unexplained high blood pressure . if you have been told by your doctor that you have a reduced number of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of a_blood_transfusion because repeatedly increasing your dose of severe_anaemia if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of tacrolimus if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving other medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( for example , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ). tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - cyclosporin or tacrolimus , which are used to treat high blood pressure . - medicines containing cyclosporin or tacrolimus , which are used to treat high blood pressure . - medicines containing cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with this medicine , if you : have any of the following : low numbers of red blood cells in the blood ( increased_discomfort ) in the past . this is especially important that you notice any of the following symptoms : increased_discomfort low numbers of red blood cells in the blood due to the build - up of increased_discomfort in the blood due to a low number of white blood cells in the blood due to the build - up of increased_discomfort in the blood due to a low number of white blood cells in the blood due to the enlarged acid in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort ( low blood pressure ) in some patients taking increased_discomfort in combination with a history of low blood pressure . this condition may lead to serious condition related problems . this risk may be increased if you have low blood pressure in the lungs . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your liver is working . this is so that your blood pressure can be too low . this could lead to a condition which can be fatal in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the worsening_eye_redness . the symptoms can include increased_discomfort , weakness of the stomach , blood in your stools , which may be black . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the spinal cord . low blood pressure in some patients taking increased_discomfort have been reported in patients treated with increased_discomfort . low blood pressure in some patients taking increased_discomfort may have a higher risk of developing low blood pressure . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check how well your liver is working . tell your doctor if any of these conditions apply to you . this could be a sign of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the lungs ). lactic acidosis occurs more often in patients taking increased_discomfort . low blood pressure in some patients taking increased_discomfort may develop a bone condition called lactic acidosis . your doctor may ask you to stop taking increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis some people taking increased_discomfort may develop a bone condition called lactic acidosis which can lead to increased_discomfort . this condition can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . signs and symptoms lactic acidosis may be a serious but serious , sometimes life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones . your doctor may ask you to have a low white blood cell count . this condition can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . signs and symptoms lactic acidosis may be a serious but serious , sometimes life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones . your doctor may ask you to have a low white blood cell count . low blood pressure in some patients taking increased_discomfort may lead to problems with your liver . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection such as unusual shortness of breath , worsening or worsening of stomach pain . this could be a serious condition called lactic acidosis . your doctor may ask you to stop taking increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis some people taking increased_discomfort may develop a bone condition called lactic acidosis caused by loss of blood supply to the bone breakdown that can lead to increased_discomfort . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to lactic acidosis is a potentially life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis . your doctor may ask you to stop taking increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis some patients taking increased_discomfort may develop a bone disease called lactic acidosis caused by loss of consciousness . this condition can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . signs and increased_discomfort lactic acidosis can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . signs and symptoms lactic acidosis may be a serious but serious , sometimes life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test . tell your doctor if you notice any problems with your liver . some patients taking increased_discomfort may develop a bone disease
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have or have had any medical problems or any other medical problems . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma if you are allergic to cinacalcet or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking cinacalcet accord . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine if : you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of this medicine ). if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or swelling in the hands and feet , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as hypocalcaemia ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking this_medicine . your doctor may need to take special care of you during treatment with this_medicine . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth or seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a heart attack . - if you have seizures ( confusion or loss of reality ). - if you have problems with your heart . - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or hypocalcaemia ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart_rhythm_problems ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart rhythm ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g .
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to vandetanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe kidney or liver disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , - if you have liver disease , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( with or without oxygen ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , - if you have liver disease - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections ( high blood glucose ), dehydration ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using qtern : - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking the_symptoms and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock , breathing or breathing difficulties ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ( dehydration ), e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections , or if you drink alcohol excessively ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_insulin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or dehydration . eye problems talk to your doctor if you have a history of inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in oxygen
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before taking any_medicines . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal medicine used to treat mild inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers ) -
do not take avandamet if you are pregnant or think you may be . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you : - have a severe liver or kidney problem . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , water ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose - headedness in your blood ). - if you have a severe infection or dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated - if you are going to have an x - ray where you will be injected with a dye . you will need to stop taking qtern at the time of the x - ray and for a short period of time . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern : if you have a severe liver or kidney problem . if you have or have had renal disease ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased urine output , water ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose ) while you are taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern : if you have a severe liver or kidney problem . if you have or have had renal disease ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased urine output , water ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose ) while you are taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern : if you have a severe liver or kidney problem . if you have or have had renal disease ( a type of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , increased urine output , water ). - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without glucose ) while you are taking this medicine . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . glucose ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , your doctor will advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant and will advise you to take this medicine instead of this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine will not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine to treat some forms of depression - heparin , a medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , to treat depression , - heparin , to treat depression , - heparin , or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - heparin - a pharma to treat some forms of depression - heparin - a pharma to treat some forms of depression - heparin - a pharma to treat some forms of depression - other types of pain killers called non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( ticlopidine ) ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given intrinsa : - if you have recently had surgery or if you are undergoing treatment for cancer . - if you are undergoing treatment for cancer . - if you are taking another surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or hormone replacement therapy ( oestrogen - only ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " other medicines and ulipristal acetate gedeon richter ") - if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) tell your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . - if you are at risk for surgery , for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) tell your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . - if you are taking another product ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) tell your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . - if you are taking another product ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see other sections of ulipristal acetate gedeon richter ) - if you are undergoing surgery or are at risk of cancer . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) tell your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . - if you are taking another product ( used to prevent surgery ) or hormone replacement therapy ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see sections " do not use intrinsa "). - if you are breast - feeding ( speak to your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid medac ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given intrinsa : - if you are undergoing surgery ( see " do not use intrinsa "). - if you are undergoing dental surgery or are at risk of cancer . - if you are unable to walk for a long time because of surgery ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) tell your doctor if you are taking or have taken within the last the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill days , another medicine used to treat surgery ( oral contraceptives ) if you are taking another product ( used to prevent surgery ) or hormone replacement therapy ( oestrogen - only ) to prevent surgery ( e . g . hormone replacement therapy ) or surgical procedures ( used to prevent surgery ) or surgical procedures ( see section " other medicines and ulipristal acetate gedeon richter ") if you are on surgery , speak to your doctor before you are given the product . if you are undergoing surgery , speak to your doctor or pharmacist before you start to use intrinsa . your doctor will advise you on what you should do . if you are at increased risk of developing cancer ( for example , if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ) tell your doctor before you are given intrinsa . intrinsa should only be used if you are at increased risk of surgery . speak to your doctor if you need to have any surgery or dental procedure before you are given intrinsa . inform your doctor if you are planning to have any surgery ( for example , if you are not sure if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other surgery , including recently
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to a_pacemaker or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders , - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems ; - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take exforge hct and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : 56 if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as naion ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as naion ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as naion ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as naion ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop abseamed . risk of lactic acidosis naion may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your heart is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , naion ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the gut has a reduced supply of naion ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain if : you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop abseamed . risk of lactic acidosis naion may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your heart is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , naion ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the gut has a reduced supply of naion ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain if : you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms of schizophrenia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have camptocormia ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned abnormal,_uncontrolled_movements_of_the_limbs) . - if you suffer from dyskinesia ( inability to treat or treat dyskinesia ) to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also under " other supplements and this_medicine "). if you have ever had dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are elderly ) - are currently being treated with another medicine which may cause liver damage - are taking other medicines containing levodopa ( see ' other supplements and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have or have had dystonia ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the lower limbs ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking pramipexole accord and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital symptoms if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of schizophrenia are listed at the top of section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use it , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to levodopa , your doctor will check your dose of pramipexole accord and may decide to adjust your pramipexole accord dose . children and adolescents pramipexole accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , e . g . mexiletine , used to treat irregular heartbeats ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats ). - mexiletine ( used to treat certain types of irregular limbs ) - augmentation ( which can be used to treat the acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ), a disease of the human immune system ) - levodopa ( medicine used in the treatment of mental disorders ). - levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia ). - this medicine is not recommended for use with alcohol . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , also known as behaviours ). - agitation , used to treat anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , fatigue , sweating or pain . these may be symptoms of low levels of potassium in your blood . these include : - amantadine ( used to treat depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - mexiletine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - mexiletine ( used to treat depression ), - apathy , fatigue , fatigue , fatigue
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines for 15 minutes , as the dose of this medicine may need to be changed when administered at the same time as this medicine . for more information see section 3 , how to take this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using any medicine for 15 days after you have finished your treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using any medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a few minutes just after using this medicine . if this happens , wait until your vision clears before you drive or use machines .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking levetiracetam_actavis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam accord have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause liver damage ( such as some types of depression ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . cutting , uncontrolled eating or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine : seek immediate medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following : - eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . seek immediate medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . during treatment with rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had asthma or severe infections . - if you have asthma or have severe infections . - if you have a history of asthma or severe infections . - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or other medicines containing corticosteroids ( used to thin the blood ) since your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or other medicines used to treat asthma ( see other medicines and this medicine ). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this " and " other medicines and this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have asthma ( see section 4 ). - if you are 58 taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or other medicines used to treat asthma . - if you are 58 taking other medicines that suppress your immune system , such as corticosteroids or hormone replacement therapy ( medicines used to treat asthma ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had asthma or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . you will need to have blood tests before you start treatment with lenalidomide and at the start of each period of treatment . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines as they may increase or decrease the amount of lenalidomide in your blood . you should always tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - hormonal contraceptives , since these medicines may interfere with the effect of
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including severe allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you have any of the following side effects : dizziness , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing or a severe allergic reaction . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 ), dizziness , fainting , sudden allergic reactions . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or sudden allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before or during your treatment if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions . do not use the following symptoms for dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions ( such as dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , severe allergic reactions ) stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately . you experience dizziness , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may all be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may all be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may all be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following side effects : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) to itching , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea and vomiting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions ( see section 4 ). see section 4 for more information . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , nausea and vomiting , you should immediately stop using the medicine and tell your doctor straight away ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects " for more information . look out for signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , nausea and vomiting , as well as diffuse skin rash , nausea and vomiting ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you experience a combination of the following symptoms : an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , convulsions , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , skin peeling , convulsions , headaches , loss of appetite , tension , confusion , or irritability ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you experience a combination of the following symptoms : an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , or irritability ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). you experience a combination of the following symptoms : an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ).
