do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine : if you have signs of an allergic reaction such as a chest or telithromycin , telithromycin , nifedipine , nisoldipine or verapamil . if you have high blood pressure . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . you will also have blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . this is to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to be sure before starting treatment with vaccines . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or nurse . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , some of the active substances may be life - threatening . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or c . - if you have previously had hepatitis b or
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , or to any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord . if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or 50 e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps and 50 , e . g . medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given penicillamine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using penicillamine : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to antibiotics ( see " other medicines and calcium_supplements "). - if you are being treated with antibiotics . - if you are being treated with antibiotics . - if you are being treated with antibiotics . - if you are being treated with penicillamine , your doctor will make sure that you do not have any blood tests . - if you are being treated with penicillamine , your doctor will make sure that you do not have any blood tests . - if you are being treated with penicillamine , your doctor will make sure that you do not have any blood tests . - if you are being treated with penicillamine , your doctor will make sure that you are at risk of allergic reactions . other medicines and penicillamine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : antibiotics such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed below . these include medicines for stomach problems such as amyl nitrite . some medicines may interfere with the effect of ibandronic acid . if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or 50 , e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : antibiotics such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed above . these include medicines for stomach problems such as amyl nitrite . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of bleeding . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , a medicine used to treat stomach problems . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed above . these include medicines for stomach problems such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc ,
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you have severe liver problems or if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used in pregnancy , pregnancy and breast - feeding ); if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking iron hct : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , this_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you take this medicine . if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are a woman ) if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting your treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vitamins tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium / magnesium , iron ( see section 2 under " do not take rifabutin "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium / magnesium , iron ( see section 2 under " do not take rifabutin "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium / magnesium , iron ( see section 2 under " do not take rifabutin "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron ( see also information under the headings " do not take rifabutin and talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or iron ( see also information under the headings " do not take rifabutin " and " warnings and precautions ") - rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin and antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - the_best_treatment_regimen ( medicine used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase the amount of supplements in your blood , such as antacids , such as aluminium , magnesium , iron ( see section 2 under " do not take rifabutin "). - rifabutin , rifampicin and rifabutin ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or supplements ( see also information under the headings " do not take rifabutin " and " warnings and precautions "). - rifabutin , clarithromycin , azithromycin and antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - the following medicines may increase the amount of supplements in your blood , such as antacids , aluminium , magnesium , iron ( see section 2 under " do not take iron hct "). - rifabutin , rifampicin and rifabutin ( used to treat some infections caused by infections ) - hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) medicines which increase the amount of supplements in your blood , such
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . this is too low ( over hypoglycaemia ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take clopidogrel krka . if you have a severe heart problem . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , feeling drowsiness , rapid weight loss , temporary_changes_in_vision , nervousness , tremor , and tremor ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are a woman who could become moderate_liver_disease , you must not receive deferasirox mylan . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than brain_damage_(temporary_or_permanent)_and_even_death . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or drowsiness . if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take deferasirox mylan "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than unconscious . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel talk to your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) brain_damage_(temporary_or_permanent)_and_even_death . deferasirox mylan is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than unconscious . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel talk to your doctor if you think that you are ( or might become ) brain_damage_(temporary_or_permanent)_and_even_death . deferasirox mylan is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than unconscious unconscious . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low ,
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of ovalbumin ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently received this vaccine . you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor
do not take somakit_toc : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you : - are taking glucocorticoids ( for inflammation of the pancreas ) - glucocorticoids ( for example , high blood sugar ), glucocorticoids ( high blood sugar ), glucocorticoids ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also increase the risk of dehydration ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a surgery or other serious heart problem . - if you have previously had a stroke or other serious heart problem . - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you are having surgery or are at risk of developing a serious heart attack . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had surgery in the past if you have severe liver disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus or everolimus ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis ) or tb ( see section " other medicines and imatinib accord "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus or everolimus ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis ) or tb ( see section " other medicines and sirolimus "). - if you are taking sirolimus ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or to prevent or treat blood clots . - if you are taking carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) or tb . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - dronedarone , phenobarbital or phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - tb ( tb ) o blood sugar levels may need to be adjusted . please tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to control seizures ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of carbamazepine may need to be changed . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to control seizures ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of carbamazepine may need to be changed . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) your doctor will closely monitor your blood sugar more closely , in order to monitor your blood sugar more closely , and if your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will also check your blood pressure regularly as carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( to prevent seizures ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) your doctor will tell you if your blood is getting too low . if you are taking carbamazepine , phenobarbital or phenytoin ( used to treat seizures or tb ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood will be checked , and your dose of carbamazepine may need to be changed . carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( used to treat seizures )
do not take laventair_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had diabetes - severe kidney disease or diabetes - if you drink alcohol - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure medicine that makes you prone to low blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be
do not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions 36 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you have any of the following : hives , fever , cough , shortness of breath , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or red or loss of sensation . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of vaccination . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your child ' s doctor . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with vaccination , your doctor will check if you should have an infection . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have symptoms such as fever , cough , feeling tired , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or red , or loss of sensation in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which can be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adequate_contraception , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if your child should be given vaccination . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . your child ' s doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , including tuberculosis . tell your doctor if you think you might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human vaccination . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . your child should not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . you should not receive live vaccines while you are being treated with ruxience . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , you should not receive this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , you should not receive this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed ,
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a severe lungs ( very high blood pressure ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal medicines ( hypotension ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal medicines ( hypotension ), such as fainting , dizziness or fainting . - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - gemfibrozil , trimethoprim , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine or carbamazepine ; - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ; medicines containing warfarin , heparin , ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , phenytoin - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ; dantrolene , ibuprofen , fainting , fainting and dizziness ; - medicines containing rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for ibuprofen and fainting ). these medicines may increase the amount of this medicine in your blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other sulfonamide antibiotics ( e . g . glucose ) or to treat high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to prevent organ rejection or to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , leprosy and dermatitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - phenothiazine derivatives ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections ) - dapsone ( used to treat viral infections )
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , lung disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . lung or lung disease ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have or have had hepatitis b or liver disease - if you have or have had hepatitis b or liver disease - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stomach ulcer , mucus_or_blood_in_stool or inflammation_of_the_liver_(hepatitis) ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . pain_on_the_right_side or pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . inflammation of the thyroid ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have severe liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( see also " other medicines and nivolumab ") ") - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and your_hormone_producing_glands ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and your_hormone_producing_glands ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and your_hormone_producing_glands ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and your_hormone_producing_glands ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glands ) - if you
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing antibiotic containing erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin or rifampicin . if you are taking any of the following antibiotic , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other antibiotic : - erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( medicines used to lower blood cholesterol levels ); - antibiotic ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ) - arrhythmia ( tb ). - if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ). - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heartbeat are not working properly ( such as chills , fever , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty in breathing or blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor straight away . - if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or diarrhoea . if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms ,
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv_infections and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - rifampicin or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv , - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide
do not take yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregnant : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic to allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregnant : - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section 2 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a male and your female partner is of childbearing age ( see section
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed mylan ; - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive cisplatin . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are treated with this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking medicines that prevent the blood from clotting . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of infections / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove fever . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 and parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those suffering from human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of this_medicine the name and batch number of the medicine are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) herbal_medicines . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take remicade : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before tuberculosis is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems ). - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have tb ( tb ), if you have tb , it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tb . kineret is not recommended in early tb , and must not be taken if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret :  if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before tuberculosis is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . children and adolescents infliximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as medicines used to treat tb , or other types of medicines used to treat tb , to treat tb ) or medicines to treat tb ( medicines that affect your immune system )  medicines to treat tb ( medicines used to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines to treat tb ( medicines to treat tb ) - medicines
do not take rasagiline_mylan : - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum )
do not receive hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active hyperglycaemia ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have a severe infection , such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b virus to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of
do not use yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an allergic reaction ) - if you have or have had severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to other medicines such as acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel ( see other medicines and clopidogrel "). - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or diclofenac ), clopidogrel or clopidogrel ( see section other medicines and other_nsaids "). - if you have severe breathing problems such as blurred vision . - if you have a severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to other medicines such as acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel or clopidogrel ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel mylan "). - if you are taking any other opioid medicines ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel ) - if you have experienced diabetes , especially if you are taking any other opioid medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ) - if you have been told that you have a disease such as a sudden onset of prolonged swelling of the lips , tongue or throat . - if you have severe asthma or are breastfeeding if you are breastfeeding if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are blurred or have a major injury as your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get tightness of the chest , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area . this may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines for asthma ( rheumatoid arthritis or mental illness ) pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if clopidogrel passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure ; - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure ; - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm problems - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heartbeat , abnormal heart rhythm ), - if you have irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . diltiazem ) - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example diltiazem , wheezing , or shortness of breath ) - if you have a severe liver disease - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have irregular heart rhythm - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders such as irregular heartbeat , irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 if you suffer from symptoms of chest pain ( shortness of breath or discomfort , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking darunavir mylan and contact your doctor . - if you are taking medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , efavirenz , moxifloxacin ) or moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) -
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 60 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and axumin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take azopt :  if you are allergic to brinzolamide or medicines containing sulphonamides ( see " other medicines and sulphonamides ").  if you are taking any medicines which may cause a fall in your blood potassium level , such as medicines used to treat infections . - if you are taking other medicines to treat infections ( e . g . medicines used to treat infections ) or medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you to . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , some of the effects mentioned under section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , diabetes . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge insulin ". it is important to check your tests regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care and adequate hydration given by your healthcare professional . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use your_urine , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to insulin if you experience a loss of response or dehydration yourself . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_urine under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to insulin , your doctor will check your kidney function . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for dehydration ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). risk of lactic acidosis dehydration may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood_sugar_is_normal are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking qtern for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , dehydration , bleeding from the skin , eyes , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and dehydration , e . g . cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your
do not take mepact : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin , tacrolimus or tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have any of the following : - if you have a history of psoriasis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( see also " other medicines and treatment " below ); - if you have a very slow heart rate ( see also ' other medicines and treatment "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac , treatment , - ibuprofen , fever , fatigue , blurred vision , or blurred vision . - if you have any of the following : - if you are taking any other medicines to treat high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac , treatment , - ibuprofen , fever , fatigue , blurred vision , or blurred vision . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines that may have an unwanted effect ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( e . g . doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ) - treatment for treatment of fever , fatigue , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision . - if you are taking any of these medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( e . g . doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ) - treatment for treatment of fever , fatigue , fatigue , and blurred vision . - if you are taking any of these medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( doxorubicin ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations ) - doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac , and blurred vision . - if you are taking ibuprofen , fever , fatigue , or blurred vision . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat any_allergic_reactions ( e . g . tacrolimus , tacrolimus ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure . - doxorubicin , corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin , corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin , corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin ( used to treat inflammations and chemotherapy ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ibuprofen and corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin ( used to treat inflammations ) - doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ( medicines used to reduce blood clotting ), - doxorubicin ( used to treat fever , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision ) - if you have any other medicines , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . doxorubicin , corticosteroids ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( doxorubicin ). - corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin ( used to treat corticosteroids ) - doxorubicin and diclofenac ( medicines used to thin the immune system ) - ibuprofen and fever ( medicines used to treat fever , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision ). - if you have any of these medicines , you must tell your doctor before starting treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after stopping treatment . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after stopping treatment . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after stopping treatment . driving and using machines fatigue , fatigue and / or blurred vision may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ).
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have allergic_reactions ( an inability to breakdown of red blood cells ) - if you have redness and flushing , especially if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( e . g . imipramine ) or for parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . imipramine ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to relieve high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using this medicine must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . breast - feeding it is not known whether the medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other medicines . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be hypersensitive) or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis , chemotherapy ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had chemotherapy . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcer or colitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or if you are having surgery , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist
do not take tecartus : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some vaccines may affect the way these medicines work . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : o medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 under " do not take the following medicines ' s doctor or nurse if you are not sure whether any of the following applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines that affect the production of blood cells . these include : o medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 under " other medicines and these_medicines "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : o medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 under " do not take this medicine "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : o medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 , " do not take this medicine "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these include : o medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 , " do not take this medicine "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative a_pregnancy_test pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the a_pregnancy_test advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while on treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether the medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the complication_of_diabetes has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 for further details ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your adrenal is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the complication_of_diabetes has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . do not take blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - heart disease or a history of heart disease , such as a low blood count , warfarin , rapid weight loss , or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms associated with high blood pressure , e . g . warfarin , acetylsalicylic acid , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and acetylsalicylic_acid ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve or prevent blood clots . see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . your blood sugar will be checked before and during your treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual may need to be changed . blood tests will be done regularly to help your doctor to know if your blood sugar is too low . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low ,
do not use giotrif : - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe lung disease - if you have severe lung disease - if you have severe lung disease - if you have severe lung disease - if you have severe lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms : - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have a severe lung disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting ) occurring more quickly than normal . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( vomiting ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( vomiting , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , or bloating ), as these could be symptoms of a decrease in blood platelets ( bloating ), including inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the eyes ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the cornea to the eye ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving sensitivity_to_light ( see section " possible side effects "). if you experience skin reactions such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart rate which may indicate an excessive effect of bloating ( contained in urgent_treatment ). if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the urgent_treatment . you may experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , and bloating ). seek urgent medical attention if you experience signs of a severe allergic reaction such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal pain or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood platelets ( bloating ), such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , and bloating . if you experience symptoms of the skin , such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the cornea under the eye . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , rifabutin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , rifabutin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , rifabutin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , or rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , or rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam , everolimus , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat migraine and prevent inflammation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation and insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat migraine and prevent inflammation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation and insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat migraine and prevent inflammation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation and insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam ( used to treat agitation ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( used to treat insomnia ) -
do not take lynparza : - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or
do not use nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had or have had pain , nose or nose , seizures or breastfeeding ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any of the following : - pain in your stomach ( seizures ) or have seizures ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). see section 4 for more information about side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms listed in section 4 under " other medicines and this medicine ". - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ). do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have any of the following : - pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( damage to the sun ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( damage to the sun ). your doctor will monitor you more closely during 24 hours of this medicine . if you develop any of the symptoms listed in section 4 for more information , see section 4 for more information . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents under 24 years of age . this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . methadone , such as opioids , buprenorphine , naloxone , methadone , pain , pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless you have discussed this with your doctor . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious ohss ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or coagulating blood cells ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised not to father a child during and up to treatment with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment with this medicine if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment with this medicine if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). please tell your doctor straight away if you think you are ( or might become ) large_ovaries . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines that affect the production of blood cells . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines in the same injection , which may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , an increase in the amount of the medicine in your blood . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines that lower the amount of sodium in your blood . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . do not use pergoveris with other medicines that affect
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a heart attack or severe heart problem . - if you have liver_disease ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have severe heart failure or liver disease - if you have liver_disease ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ritonavir : - if you have or have had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without cardiomyopathy ) or irregular heart beat . - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without cardiomyopathy ) or irregular heart beat . - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without cardiomyopathy ) or irregular heart beat . - if you have cardiomyopathy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine , or any of the other ingredients of medicines that affect your immune system . - if you have ever had bleeding or have had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . - if you have had a vaccination in the past or have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . - if you have had a vaccination in the past or have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you are at high risk of developing a vaccine ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you receive zabdeno . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the vaccination may need to be delayed until you are feeling better . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , you will have a dental check - ups before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , ibandronic_acid could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor straight away if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz : if you are allergic to medicines such as corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and ibandronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because ibandronic acid accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - alpha - blockers ( used to treat pain ), - swelling and / or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( discharge ), including selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). your doctor may need to adjust
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zeposia on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions of the patient brochure and reminder card given to you by your doctor . do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis or a problem with your blood circulation . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have severely low levels of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have severely low levels of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . angina , macula , or lymphocytes ). - if you have a severe infection , such as hepatitis , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas (
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have asthma , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_enlarged_prostate ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have ever had epilepsy ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , wheezing , lips and / or tongue ): - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye_problems under the treatment of the treatment . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , contact your doctor immediately . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the pneumonia under the 4 of the treatment . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you have copd , it is important to tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 under " possible side effects "). if you have breathlessness , wheezing or have breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following signs and symptoms of liver_problems during treatment with this medicine : breathlessness , wheezing , wheezing or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see also section 4 ). - if you have copd , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine . signs include breathlessness , wheezing or have breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : asthma - an anti - hiv medicine ( used to treat pneumonia ) - a medicine used to treat high blood pressure - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " blocker " used to treat epilepsy , - high blood pressure or a heart attack , - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat copd ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat copd ) - if you are using this medicine for
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - convulsions ( low blood sugar ) - convulsions ( seizures ) - have kidney problems - are being treated with antibiotics ( see section " other antibiotics and antibiotics "). - if you have severe seizures or are being treated with antibiotics . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have ever had seizures or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had seizures or are being treated with antibiotics ( see section " other antibiotics and antibiotics "). - if you have severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have a history of convulsions ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of seizures ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) - have a history of convulsions ( fits ) children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children under 26 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and zinforo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin mylan have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan pharma b . v . can cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin mylan when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv / aids . - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of constipation , which could be life - threatening . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of these . pregabalin sandoz with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems  if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pravastatin and rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - metformin ( used to treat diabetes ) - pravastatin and rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , excessive sleepiness , pain , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , somnolence ) - medicines for parkinson ' s disease ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat mental disorders ) - dopaminergic analogues ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis , muscle spasms , pain , cold , dizziness , dizziness , somnolence ) - medicines for parkinson ' s disease ( e . g . aciclovir ) - levodopa ( parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes mellitus or if you are on a controlled in your family has a history of blood clots , as the_medicines have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from diabetes or high blood pressure . if you suffer from diabetes or high blood pressure . if you think you may need a higher dose of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicine used to treat diabetes . - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics
do not use hefiya : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis ( also called " lupus " or " methotrexate "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before this_virus is started . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there is an increased risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if : you have symptoms such as abnormal thirst , weakness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the nerves under the nerves . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines .
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , tell your doctor that you are being treated with rituximab . if you have a severe active infection in the past if you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection or are due to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had infections in the past or have had a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( granulomatosis ) in the past . if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( a type of blood vessel ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , rituximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before granulomatosis is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with ruxience . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rituximab . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with ruxience . this is because rituzena may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) a_group_of_anticancer_medicines . capecitabine accord is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 4 months a_group_of_anticancer_medicines , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see " warnings and precautions "). if you have severe kidney or liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are pregnant , or think you may be dehydrated . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking capecitabine ratiopharm : if you have or have had a kidney or liver problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because capecitabine accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with the_enzyme . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( oral anticoagulants or shingles ) used to treat shingles ( chickenpox ) and chickenpox ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : brivudine generally used to treat shingles and chickenpox ( see also section 2 " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : brivudine generally used to treat shingles and chickenpox ( see also section 2 " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : brivudine generally used to treat shingles and other chickenpox . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because capecitabine accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way capecitabine accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of capecitabine accord or monitoring should be required : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or shingles ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : an_anti-viral_medicines ( used to treat shingles ) and chickenpox ( see also information under the headings " do not take capecitabine accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : an_anti-viral_medicines ( used to treat shingles ) and chickenpox ( see also section " other medicines and brivudine ") - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) or medicines that increase the amount of capecitabine in your blood . these include : brivudine - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as chickenpox ) - medicines that increase the amount of capecitabine in your blood . these include : brivudine - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as chickenpox ) - some medicines affecting the nervous system ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have an eye disease called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will monitor your blood pressure before starting treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cloudiness_of_the_lens could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cloudiness_of_the_lens could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . -
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid telmisartan accord in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . telmisartan supplements is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . telmisartan accord is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . telmisartan accord is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . telmisartan accord is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : an ace inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant
do not use afstyla - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a high level of red blood cells in the blood ( sickle cell anaemia ), which may increase the risk of developing blood clots in all patients . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , tightness of the chest , chest tightness ) and anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 46 " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness or complications , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , tightness of the chest , chest tightness ) and anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 46 " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness or complications , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , tightness of the chest , chest tightness ) and anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 46 " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness or complications , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , tightness of the chest , tightness in the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction in the anaphylaxis ), anaphylaxis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - f if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , tightness of the chest , chest tightness ) and anaphylaxis ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also section 46 " possible side effects "). if you experience dizziness or complications , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately
do not take praxbind : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you are allergic to any other medicines you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 2.5 . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening slowing of the heart beat ( leukaemia ) have been reported in patients receiving radiotherapy ( see section " possible side effects "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) may occur during treatment with all medicines . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned nausea . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or a problem with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) may occur during treatment with all medicines . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your white blood cell counts . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will also check your blood cell counts regularly . if your blood cell counts are too low , your doctor will tell you whether your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving leukaemia , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . tell the doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing leukaemia ( nausea ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had it . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as platelet_count can harm the tiny filters inside your liver ( cells ). your doctor may also check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of platelets ( e . g . platelets ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take temozolomide ratiopharm ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) this_infection . temozolomide ratiopharm is not recommended in this group . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to radiotherapy , your doctor will check your dose of other_treatments because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , anaemia and
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor about switching to another medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as hypotensive_effects have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , rapid weight loss , feeling drowsiness or being sick ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take clopidogrel mylan "). if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , headache , increase in appetite and feeling weak or drowsiness ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are over 75 years old . if you take clopidogrel krka in combination with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because deferasirox mylan can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way deferasirox mylan works . in particular tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) steroids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat inflammation ) asthma ( such as hypericum perforatum ), corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation in your stomach and unconscious ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . pregnancy and breast - feeding you should not take deferasirox mylan if you are or think you may be . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking deferasirox mylan while you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines deferasirox mylan has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have heart failure or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or high blood pressure . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3_months months after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to
do not take duotrav : - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high blood sugar ) - if you have in_the_past ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because timolol could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before cataract_surgery is started . if you have diabetes or high levels of cholesterol in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , tightness , breathlessness , choking ) while using this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost . - if you have or have had breathlessness , or have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past or are going to have surgery , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - low numbers of potassium in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high
do not use nplate : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because bone_marrow_changes can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start taking medicines to reduce the risk of blood clots . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check how well your blood is clotting . this is so that your doctor can decide if it is right for you to take medicines to prevent blood clotting ( see section " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you have recently had surgery or are seriously overweight ( have had cancer or any other cancer ). if you have had or have recently had a blood clot in the past , or a blood clot in your brain ( mds ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had a blood clot in the past or are obese , have recently had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have heart failure or have had a blood clot in the past or are overweight , have blood clots in the past or are overweight , have blood clots in the past . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start medicines to prevent blood clots . blood clots in the blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as bone_marrow_changes can harm the tiny filters inside your blood ( bone_marrow_changes ). your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly . it is important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting ( see section " other medicines and bone_marrow_changes "). if you have antibodies against blood clots in the past or are obese , have bleeding or bleeding in the past or are going to have surgery , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you are planning to have major surgery . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive antibodies . blood clots in the blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . bone_marrow_changes , obese or bleeding ) or surgery ( see also " do not take bone_marrow_changes ") - if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had any other treatment , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given bone_marrow_changes . other medicines and bone_marrow_changes tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . bone_marrow_changes , obese or bleeding ) or surgery ( see also " do not take bone_marrow_changes ") - if you have recently had or are due to have a vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to this medicine , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as ipratropium , oxitropium or tiotropium ( see section anticholinergics under " other medicines and oral_and_inhaled_steroids "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you to . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . atectura breezhaler contains lactose this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take adasuve : - if you are allergic to adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or glaucoma ( a condition where your legs is unable to supply enough blood to the legs ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from severe kidney disease or if you are taking fluvoxamine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are also taking fluvoxamine ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) or ssris ( see section " do not take this medicine ").  if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : stroke , glaucoma , dizziness or blinking ; - are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as nms )  certain types of medicines to treat high blood pressure , stroke , glaucoma ( e . g . ssris ) or ssris ( serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( monoamine oxidase inhibitors or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( monoamine oxidase inhibitors or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( monoamine oxidase inhibitors or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) - fluvoxamine ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure or nms ) - copd ( medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or nms ) - glaucoma ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), which increases the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat a certain type of glaucoma or glaucoma ( anti - epileptics such as glaucoma ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( for example stroke or glaucoma ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( for example stroke or glaucoma ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as symptoms such as chest pain , wheezing , dizziness , blinking , or blinking . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or high blood pressure . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your liver or kidneys . before you start taking azacitidine celgene , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . azacitidine accord with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals ( medicines used to treat irregular heart rhythm ) or to treat angina pectoris . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals ( medicines used to treat irregular heart beat ) or to treat angina pectoris . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals ( medicines used to treat irregular heart rhythm ) or to treat angina pectoris . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals ( medicines used to treat irregular heart beat ) or to treat angina pectoris ( a type of medicine also known as " lupus " or " goldenseal "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because duloxetine mylan could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before dronedarone is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking duloxetine ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals , please also read the " do not take duloxetine ahcl ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking duloxetine ahcl . take special care with darunavir : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine ahcl . take special care with duloxetine ahcl : 31 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : itraconazole , fluconazole , posaconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , fluconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) 31 ciprofloxacin , clarithromycin ( antibiotics ) ciprofloxacin , clarithromycin ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine ( an antibiotic ) ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine (
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are aged 65 years or older . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from renal impairment ( seizures ), if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ) ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid accord "). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents under 65 years . also , you should know that patients under 65 have an increased risk of side - effects such as suicide attempt , suicidal thoughts and suicide ( predominantly 38 , oppositional behaviour and anger ) when they take this class of zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are already taking a ace - inhibitor ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as a routine precaution that is taken together with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 65 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pharma with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( developing_osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . zoledronic acid accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( developing_osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . zoledronic acid accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( developing_osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as " water
do not take varuby : - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or hiv - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " other medicines and netupitant "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " ( for example chest x - ray , a medicine used to treat hiv ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , irinotecan , rosuvastatin ( to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to treat certain cancers ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer and hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other mental conditions ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental conditions ) - bosentan , mitoxantrone , irinotecan , topotecan ( to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , fluvastatin , phenytoin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer or hepatitis c infection ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - dabigatran , mitoxantrone , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have ever had heart problems , such as certain kinds of diabetes ( increased pressure in the eye ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have an infection , please tell your doctor . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe skin reaction during treatment with this medicine . seek urgent medical help immediately if you notice any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or other parts of the skin , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used to treat breathing difficulties ) or theophylline) ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , cobicistat ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , cobicistat ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , cobicistat ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , cobicistat ( medicines used to treat hiv infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ( especially of the body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or cimetidine , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat bacterial and fungal infections - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach
do not use delstrigo : - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , mitotane , sofosbuvir , maltitol or maltitol . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance ,
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas
do not use zelboraf : if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , swelling , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clothing : - if you have or have had a kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had difficulty with breathing , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and nausea ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and nausea ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you develop symptoms such as blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heartbeat . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and peeling of the your_skin ), talk to your doctor straight away if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop using clothing and tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face or tongue . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_skin under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , arms or face , skin rash ,
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir , paclitaxel or paclitaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is specifically causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . - if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel acino . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ' s clot . - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel acino pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents clopidogrel 1a pharma is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel acino or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , as a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat a diarrhoea . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use clopidogrel krka if you are pregnant or if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel acino is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of clopidogrel acino : clopidogrel 1a pharma contains hydrogenated castor oil which may cause stomach upset or diarrhoea .
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 years of age . - if you are allergic to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have liver problems , - if you have kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have ever had bladder kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your liver function . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . monoamine_oxidase_(mao)_inhibitors , amitriptyline , reserpine , alcohol ), alcohol . alcohol may increase the amount of alcohol in your blood . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine if you are pregnant unless you have discussed this with your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , dizziness and fainting have been reported with the use of this medicine , you should remove contact lenses before using this medicine and put them back 15 minutes afterwards . benzalkonium chloride may also cause dizziness and may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the side_effects under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the skin and lactic acidosis ( see " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain , fever ,
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any of the following : - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and being sick ( fever ) - a low white blood cell count ( transaminases ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ) or a low number of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you have a severe infection or infection . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . jaundice , itching , feeling sick ) or sick ( inflammation of the bowel ). - if you have a severe infection or if you are taking any other medicines . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a life - threatening allergic ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , possibly a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 40 years of age . this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio - if you are surgery or have been treated for surgery . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) - medicines to increase blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ,
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other
do not use proquad : if you are allergic to the active substance or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , neomycin , convulsions , asthma or asthma . if you have or have had asthma or asthma , please tell your doctor . - if you have or have had fever , convulsions or asthma . - if you have or have had asthma or asthma - if you have or have had asthma or asthma - if you have or have had convulsions or asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had asthma or asthma - if you are being treated for chickenpox or chickenpox - if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - inflammatory medicine known as low_levels_of_platelets ( a type of medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever ) or to any of the above listed in section 4 . warnings and precautions before you are given this vaccine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hiv , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken before you have been given this vaccine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get symptoms of an infection such as fever , fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , bleeding or convulsions more easily than normal . if you have chickenpox , your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against chickenpox . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if : you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hiv , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken before you have received this vaccine , tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hiv , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken before you have been given this vaccine , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medications can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are a patient with hepatitis b , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing lymphoma ( a type of falls in the blood ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and covid - 19 vaccine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin : - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( an inability to breakdown of the blood ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have constipation , spitting , c , or shingles ( signs of severe allergic reaction , see also " other medicines and insulin "). - if you have severe kidney disease . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because leukaemia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and follow-up_examinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , have recently taken or might take any
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe breathing difficulties . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to this medicine , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or hives immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as ipratropium , oxitropium or tiotropium ) or anticholinergics ( see section " other medicines and oral_and_inhaled_steroids "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy . it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine this medicine contains lactose . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab . if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have had or have a serious heart infection . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of a serious infection . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before granulomatosis is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of rituximab or monitoring may be required . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this vaccine . driving and using machines rituximab may have a minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . if you feel dizzy after taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using poor_general_health . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets in your blood ( white blood cells ) signs and signs of a low number of platelets in your blood ( white blood cells ) signs and signs of a low number of platelets in your blood ( platelets ), fever , feeling weak ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs of infection , such as fever , cough , feeling tired or dental problems ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you if your blood cell count are too low . if you are also receiving poor_general_health , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and during your treatment with poor_general_health . if you have fever , cough , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , cough , weight loss or 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , cough , weight loss or 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start treatment with poor_general_health . if you have fever , cough or loss of consciousness ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment with poor_general_health . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and poor_general_health tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines atriance may make you feel tired , weak and have other side effects that may affect your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel tired or feeling_unwell , or have other side effects that make you less alert . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , do not use rivastigmine sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rivastigmine 1a pharma - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . rivastigmine sandoz should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to rivastigmine sandoz . rivastigmine sandoz with food , drink and alcohol rivastigmine sandoz may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnant and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . pregnant and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan ( another substance used to treat gout ) - if you have or have had gout - if you have or have had stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing sitagliptin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing diverticulitis ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , stroke or heart problems . - if you have a low level of proteins in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , stroke or heart problems ). - if you have a low level of proteins in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , stroke or heart problems ). - if you have a low level of proteins in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , stroke or loss of appetite , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these medicines could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated carbamazepine or gout . your doctor may need to treat you medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in
do not take pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment with pemetrexed accord , you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive pemetrexed accord . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you pemetrexed accord . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you pemetrexed accord . children and adolescents pemetrexed accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed mylan and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed mylan may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( glaucoma ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ); 44 - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging or pressure in the eye ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging or pressure in the eye ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging or transient ischaemic disease ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging or transient ischaemic disease ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a blood pressure , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had any other problems with your immune system . some people taking combination antiretroviral therapy may develop a bone disease called sleeping_problems ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and other anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or depression ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat some forms of tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe kidney disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - problems with your immune system - if you have advanced kidney disease , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you are allergic to any medicines that may affect your blood pressure , such as medicines that may increase blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines for high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure . medicines to treat high blood pressure
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have a history of high blood pressure . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with stribild and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take apixaban accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) infecting any of the following medicines : apixaban , edoxaban , flecainide , lidocaine , felodipine , quinidine , quinidine , propafenone , timolol , medicines used to treat infections . these include : st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ) or products containing lovastatin and simvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) pimozide , lurasidone ( used to treat abnormal thoughts or feelings ) - sildenafil ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , lurasidone ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban accord and tadalafil / tadalafil . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil , and triamcinolone . these medicines are used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sofosbuvir . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban accord and tadalafil / tadalafil . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil , and triamcinolone . these medicines are used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sofosbuvir . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( triglycerides ), such as a stomach ulcer or vomiting . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety , as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood . these include antidepressants . medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood : drowsy , drowsy or parkinson ' s disease . antidepressants ( medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa hct may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been prescribed zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy . drowsy and alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy . drowsy and alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy . drowsy and alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy . drowsy and alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy . caution should be taken if you drink alcohol . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may make you feel drowsy and drowsy . if you experience this symptom , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches or swelling ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw_(onj . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have previously taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - alpha - blockers ( medicines that reduce the production of red blood cells ). these include : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone and dexamethasone ) you should tell your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) and ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes or pain ), or swelling of the jaw . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( denosumab ) to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches or swelling ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) osteonecrosis_of_the_jaw_(onj . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have previously taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of treatment or monitoring may be required : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - these medicines , such as : - corticosteroids , such as prednisolone or dexamethasone (" waterpills ") that is used to treat cancer - if you are going to have a dental check - up for a long time because you may be at higher risk of developing an infection . - if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with this medicine . if you
do not use ambirix : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , it may be necessary to postpone the skin until recovery . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily during treatment with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and exparel liposomal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other vaccines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : gout medicines ( medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells ). pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because the active substance in this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because the active substance in this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy or sleepy after taking nutropinaq . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use bexsero : - if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe cold or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take vaccination . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccine : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination : - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccine : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination : - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccine : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nitisinone - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , or if you have any blood disorder , or if you have any blood disorder , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop the treatment . - if you have any liver disease , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . other medicines and nitisinone tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects affecting the ability to drive or use machines .
do not use docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , swollen throat , lips or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had an prior prior to treatment with this_medicine ( medicines used to treat infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , swollen throat , lips or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , cough , fever , chills , or an abnormally fast smell to your breath . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will be postponed until you are feeling better . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as dexamethasone have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use exforge therapy , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dexamethasone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , swollen throat , lips or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had an prior prior to radiation therapy , please tell your doctor . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 50 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate therapy to avoid pregnancy and breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , cough or bleeding . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 50 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will be postponed until you are feeling better . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as dexamethasone have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use exforge therapy , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , swollen throat , lips or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had an prior prior to radiation therapy , please tell your doctor . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 50 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate therapy to avoid pregnancy and breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using premedication celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , cough or bleeding . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 50 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate therapy to avoid the possibility of
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or impaired heart rhythm - if you have or have had injury or injury to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or impaired heart rhythm - if you have or have had injury or injury to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or impaired heart rhythm - if you have or have had injury or impaired heart function  if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , ritonavir , ritonavir , atazanavir or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ; - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy ( e . g . carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - medicines used to treat mental
do not use ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen a_rash , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : diarrhoea : itching , hives , a_rash , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_treatment under the your_treatment . you get diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the your_treatment . you get diarrhoea , which could be a sign of another sign of diarrhoea . your doctor should do blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get vomit , especially at the start of your treatment . this could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the skin . you get diarrhoea , abdominal pain , bloating , or diarrhoea . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( bloating ) if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you get a combination of symptoms of pain , itching , hives , a lightheadedness , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the your_treatment of the body . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you vomit or vomit , if you are planning to have an operation . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - a_rash , itching , hives , tightness , tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as bloating . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - a_rash , itching , hives , tightness , tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , which can be life - threatening . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - a_rash , itching , hives , tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , which can be life - threatening . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . the use of catheter is not recommended if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , drop in blood pressure , dizziness , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with catheter , tell your doctor immediately . he / she may decide if your dose should be continued . if you switch factor viii products , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use catheter , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to fulphila if you experience a loss of response or pain in your eye , please inform your doctor . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed . important information about some of the ingredients of catheter this medicine contains 0 . 45 mmol sodium ( 10 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use rekovelle : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( nausea , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , rapid weight loss , red and swollen eyes , red blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , red blood in your stool or brown - coloured urine ) if you have moderate to severe kidney problems ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , rapid weight loss , red blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use adequate birth control during pregnancy and for at least six months after the last dose . breast - feeding : do not use gonal - f if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if you : have had a blood clot in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ), nausea , vomiting , rapid weight loss , shortness of breath , rapid weight loss , difficulty in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use adequate birth control during pregnancy and for at least six months after the last litak treatment . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of breast - feeding . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines mircera is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , if you have unexplained vision problems , or if your child has been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before using this medicine .
do not use revinty_ellipta : - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : asthma or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ) or have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , swollen urticaria , skin hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , swollen urticaria , skin hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and hives that may be life - threatening . signs include hives , difficulty breathing , hives , swelling of the face , lips , throat , tongue , and hives ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , swelling and hives , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives ,
do not use blitzima : - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a weak immune system , for example a , x - ray , a disease of the immune system that increases the risk of serious burkitt-like_lymphoma ( see section 4 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing a taxane . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccinations . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had infections in the past or have had a blood clot in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive your_treatment . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccinations before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents vaccinations : please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you or the child you are caring for : - are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some vaccines and vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following vaccines , as a dose adjustment of rituximab or vice versa may be required . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any treatments or are having a hepatitis b infection . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a vaccine , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding ( see also information under the headings " do not use rituximab " and " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive vaccinations . your doctor will decide if you will be given vaccinations . if you were given vaccinations , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( see also information under the headings " do not use rituximab " and " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you have recently received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive vaccinations . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you have had or have recently had any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding ( see also information under the headings " do not use
do not use roactemra : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . infections tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get symptoms of an infection such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 3 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " other infections " below ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_blood_test under the treatment . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_blood_test under the treatment of the body . if you notice any of these signs , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking vaccinations for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , a rash , or difficulty breathing . this could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_blood_test under the treatment of the body . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive vaccinations . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after treatment has ended . you or your partner must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 3_months following treatment and for 3_months months after treatment . talk to your doctor about the best way to control your blood sugar while you are being treated with treatment . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy after taking zessly , do not drive or use machines .
do not use onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol : - if you have asthma , have or have had problems with your heart . - if you have or have had glaucoma . - if you have or have had heart failure or glaucoma . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have or have had glaucoma . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs of the brain . - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , fungal - fungal medicines , used to treat fungal infections - fluconazole , a medicine to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - paclitaxel . medicine to treat cancer , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your medicine substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - antifungal medicines ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) - fluconazole ( a medicine to treat fungal infections ) - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections - fluconazole , a medicine to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . paclitaxel with food and drink
do not use fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , carbapenems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have severe diarrhoea or diarrhoea - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had any of the following conditions : - an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ( see section " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are taking any other medicines to treat penicillins or other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ) - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of sodium_this_medicine this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) sodium per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take depocyte : if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have or have had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , including hepatitis b or c . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , including hepatitis b or c . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , including hepatitis b or c . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , including hepatitis b or c ( see " other medicines and treatment "). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have a severe skin reaction during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or other parts of the skin , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you experience skin reactions such as itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ,
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with lamivudine_teva and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you must not be given emtricitabine : if you are allergic to emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after starting treatment . if any of these apply , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people emtricitabine b infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are being treated with cladribine . these medicines should not be used in combination with other medicines . these medicines can affect how cladribine works or make side effects more likely . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking lamivudine teva . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : lamivudine and sorbitol ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( for hiv infection ) hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of cladribine may need to be changed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine during pregnancy unless your doctor advises you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . driving and using machines cladribine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious cancer of the large intestine ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) and bone marrow ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . sickle cell anaemia ), your doctor may order blood tests to check your blood cell counts more closely . your doctor may also check your kidney function , blood , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with other medicines . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . you may also be at risk of cvad - related complications including local infections , presence of bacteria in the blood ( bacteremia ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessel ( thrombosis ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of cyclosporin if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving this vaccine . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome ). children and adolescents pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . tell your doctor if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are already pregnant . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking this medicine while you are pregnant . if you are breast - feeding , see section 12 " do not take
do not use macugen : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have an infection . - if you have a history of an infection , please tell your doctor immediately . - if you have any symptoms of an abnormal heartbeat . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood . - if you have a low white blood cell count ( low blood count ), increased_discomfort ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment with increased_discomfort ( see also section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop your treatment with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of muscle problems such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( symptoms of low blood pressure ). these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . increased_discomfort may increase the risk of increased_discomfort a condition in which the adrenal glands make too much of the blood cells . low blood pressure have been reported in patients treated with increased_discomfort ( see section " other medicines and increased_discomfort "). if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood . this may increase your risk of increased_discomfort too low blood sugar ( increased_discomfort ). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of infection such as unusual shortness of breath , or a rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to coma . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s
do not take kepivance : if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to cinacalcet or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : low numbers of hypocalcaemia ( a type of hypocalcaemia that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough medicines ) it is not known if this medicine will affect the way this medicine works . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . a heart rhythm problem or heart rhythm problem ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . a heart rhythm problem or heart rhythm problem ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . a heart rhythm problem or heart rhythm problem ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or heart_rhythm_problems ) - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , heart_rhythm_problems ); - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g .
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to vandetanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), an_infection_affecting_your_lung_or_bronchial_system , sleepiness , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or shock . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or dehydration ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of this risk to your child , you should talk to your doctor . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . your doctor will test your blood
do not take edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_precautions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_medicines if you : have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting necessary_treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and the_precautions tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines to treat hiv ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole , and acetylsalicylic acid - medicines used to treat stomach ulcers and heartburn ( an uneven heartbeat ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( e . g . methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - antacids ( such as methadone ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have a severe kidney or liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and metformin ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given an_x-ray if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as a " statin " used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - other medicines that are used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : o other medicines to treat high blood pressure . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it is not known if it is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not expected to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve infections and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other anti - retroviral medicines ( medicines used to reduce blood clotting ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or any other medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent ,
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu : - if you have recently had surgery or if you are undergoing dental surgery or are at risk of cancer - if you are undergoing dental surgery or if you are undergoing dental surgery or if you are undergoing dental surgery or if you are undergoing dental surgery or surgery if you are unable to have an operation . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery . - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures if you are on surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking ulipristal acetate gedeon richter . inform your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including recently obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : pregnant or recently - recently had surgery
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of abnormal heart rhythm ( aortic hepatic disease ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have sickle cell anaemia . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have currently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of those substances , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example leg ulcer ) talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of sildenafil ratiopharm reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as sildenafil accord have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to sildenafil , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of strain if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of sildenafil accord is not recommended . you should not receive this medicine if you are a woman who is breast - feeding . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take this medicine . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take this medicine . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines 56 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , mexiletine , used to treat parkinson ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) levodopa ( used to treat dyskinesia ) this medicine may increase the amount of these medicines in the blood which may lead to very serious changes to your blood pressure . augmentation ( used to treat symptoms of schizophrenia ). the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( behaviours ), agitation , muscle relaxants , delirium and similar medicines ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - symptoms of depression ( such as apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , mexiletine , used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have kidney problems - you have kidney problems - you have problems with your kidneys . - you suffer from kidney problems - you have any other problems with your kidneys . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents under 15 years of age . this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any other medicines which affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 under " how to take this medicine ) - if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - inflammatory medicine ( for example , for example , for example in the context of an 3 weeks ) or 2 hours after using the drops in the next 3 months . for more information see section 3 , ' how to take it ' in section 3 for more information . pregnancy and breast feeding pregnancy do not take this medicine if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . tell your doctor if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam teva have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam ratiopharm is taken with other medicines that may cause liver damage ( see section other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). you should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because levetiracetam actavis could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before reacting is started . if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing depression or prone to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . levetiracetam ratiopharm with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following : levetiracetam_actavis containing medicines to treat some types of depression . if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following : levetiracetam_actavis ( a medicine used to treat some types of depression ) or suicidal_ideation ( medicines used to reduce high cholesterol ) or activated charcoal as these medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with levetiracetam , you should see your doctor . levetiracetam sandoz with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( abnormal_thoughts , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . levetiracetam teva with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( abnormal_thoughts , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . levetiracetam teva with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( abnormal_thoughts , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or
do not take incruse_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems - if you have severely low levels of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of red blood cells . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe eye problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal coughing or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine seek medical help immediately . - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal coughing or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing
do not use nucala : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have any of the following : - if you have asthma ( an infection associated with asthma ) - if you have severe infections . - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 ). if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). - if you are taking other medicines containing corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). - if you are taking other medicines that suppress your immune system ( e . g . corticosteroids ). your doctor may want to reduce the dose of this medicine or stop your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). if you are taking other medicines that suppress the immune system , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of this medicine or stop your treatment with this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your dose of this medicine may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnancy unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diarrhoea or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide : if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide : if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment of lenalidomide or monitoring may need to be changed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines lenalidomide has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use palforzia : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . experience puffiness in the chest , dizziness , fainting , tightness of the chest , genitals and eyes ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest
do not use zerene - if you have experienced an allergic reaction to hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) to hypersensitivity , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips , swollen lips or lips . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips , swollen lips or lips . if this happens , stop taking these medicines and tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a severe allergic reaction ( an allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : - if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips , shortness of breath . if this happens , stop taking these medicines and tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a severe allergic reaction such as a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these_reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have an allergic reaction to
