do not take incivo - if you are amlodipine to amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , or verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with a heart attack . - if you have or have had severe heart failure or heart failure with a heart attack ; - if you have liver disease - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with a heart attack ; - if you are taking abacavir ( especially a " statin " such as atorvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - digoxin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran acid , simvastatin , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become hepatitis_b , you must provide a negative tb test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of treatment in this leaflet . do not take zinbryta - if you have previously had tb or if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb or if you are tb . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could become tb . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotics ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( used to treat allergic_reactions ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( medicines containing zinc and fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), zinc or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), zinc or zinc ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid or iron supplements . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : - if you feel aware of the lungs ( allergic_reactions ), especially if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are currently using medicines like zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as zinc ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are taking medicines containing zinc ( such as zinc or fluoroquinolones ) or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), and zinc ( such as fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( such as zinc ), or zinc ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( medicines containing zinc and fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), zinc or zinc ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in iron ) or iron supplements . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . make sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( medicines containing zinc and fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc or fluoroquinolones ), or zinc ( see section " do not take zoledronic acid actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( anti - epileptics such as zinc or fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), such as
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver_problems or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the " pr interval " in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have ever had hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking these_medicines ( a type of medicine also known as " lupus " or " antiretrovirals "). if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are chronic_hepatitis_b vitamins . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience infections , do not drive or use machines .
do not take novonorm if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking deferasirox krka . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have a severe liver disease . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high blood sugar ) gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure ) 47 tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting deferasirox mylan . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting deferasirox mylan . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) or if you are over 75 years old . if you take repaglinide krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could a_hypo below the normal level ( hyperglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking repaglinide . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents under 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before having vaccination if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been previously diagnosed with a disease that may be associated with a reduced temperature . if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having vaccine . the vaccine may not be suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive vaccine and your doctor or nurse will record the reasons why and you may be able to receive this vaccine in the presence of a blood test . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with certain vaccine , the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given vaccine . if you have recently received or are scheduled to receive vaccine ( vaccine ) vaccine or any vaccine that may have a negative effect if you have a problem with your immune system . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having vaccine . the vaccine may not be suitable for you . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given vaccine . if you have recently had or are recently to have vaccine ( vaccine ) or any vaccine that stimulates the immune system . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you are recently sure . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments that affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments that affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which may affect your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will decide if pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is suitable for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments that affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments that affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor if you have recently received or are receiving any of the following
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance ( vinflunine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking somatostatin_analogues - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney or liver problems . - if you have kidney or liver problems . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that lysakare will affect your ability to drive and to use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of machines this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) sodium per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given imatinib ratiopharm : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have previously had a vaccination in the past or have previously had a vaccination . dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat certain types of pain medicines ) or dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ) or dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat certain infections ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat heart conditions ) - sores ( a medicine used to treat certain types of pain medicines ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat certain types of pain medicines ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used in the treatment of mental disorders ). - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b ). - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b ). - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these medicines . other medicines and pantecta control tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : if you are taking any of these medicines your doctor will have to change your dose of these other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that decrease the production of white blood cells in the blood ( white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets ). your doctor may need to change your dose of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these medicines . your doctor may need to change your
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma or if you have heart problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been established in this age group . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . some medicines may increase side effects . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before vaccination if : you have ever recently had a vaccination or bruise easily . tell your doctor if you have or have ever had : - a disease of the immune system ( e . g . an active or a long - term or hiv infection ). you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including those needed to travel to other countries . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you experience a cough , frequent cough , weight loss , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of an infection . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months of 3 weeks , - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and heparin ; - st . john ' s wort ; - rifampicin ; medicines for bleeding - rifampicin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin - medicines used to prevent bleeding - rifampicin , trimethoprim ; - medicines used to prevent bleeding or prevent bleeding such as rifampicin , trimethoprim ; - medicines used to thin the blood ; - gemfibrozil used to treat bleeding - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or ibuprofen ( used to relieve fainting and fainting ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months or if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have low blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , dizziness or fainting . if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and deferasirox accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if deferasirox may pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , dizziness and fainting have been reported with the use of this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to peginterferon beta - 1a or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , - if you have severe breathing problems , - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have ever had a severe allergic reaction such as a life - threatening allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) - are being treated with an anticancer medicine . - if you have a tumour in your vagina , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you have a history of anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a history of anaemia ( a disorder of the immune system such as leprosy ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the penis ( such as leprosy and dermatitis ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the penis , which may be associated with a higher risk of being treated with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and foscan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following : - an anti - cancer medicine known as " tumour " which may be used to decrease your body ' s response to the vagina . - if you are using any other medicines that can cause a decrease in the amount of potassium in your blood , such as glucose - sparing diuretics , such as glucose - blockers , or other sex hormones
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your stomach or intestines ( qt prolongation ); - if you have a condition that increases the activity of your heart ( known as qt prolongation ); - if you have a condition which increases the salt in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a condition which increases the salt in your blood ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ); - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have colitis ( colitis ); - if you experience fatigue , excessive thirst , frequent urination , headache , loss of appetite , frequent urination , rapid weight loss , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , frequent urination , rapid weight loss , drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable of the lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , headache , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss , rhabdomyolysis , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss , rhabdomyolysis , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable of the lips , tongue or throat , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop it . tell your doctor if any of these conditions apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nivolumab ahcl - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as myocarditis ). - if you have myositis ( a blockage in which the body ' s immune system attacks its own and spinal cord ). if you have any of the following signs : fatigue , extreme tiredness , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , headache , loss of appetite , feeling confused , drowsy , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss or irritable . your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with myositis ( see also " other medicines and nivolumab ") ") - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as myocarditis ). - if you have myocarditis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you experience myositis ( loss of consciousness , weight loss , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable ) or changes in your urine . this may be a sign of diabetes - if you have any of the following signs and symptoms of low blood sugar ( acid_in_the_blood ) - if you have or have had myocarditis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have myositis ( a blockage in the rhythm of the heart muscle ) such as myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you experience chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if these symptoms occur , seek immediate advice from a doctor . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . these may be symptoms of chills , fever , chills , nausea and vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor right away . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if these symptoms occur , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience blurred vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , an abnormally fast heart rate which may be associated with difficulty breathing , difficulty in seeing detail , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if these symptoms occur , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor or seek immediate medical care straight away . - if you experience blurred vision ,
do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental )
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or nurse for advice before taking any medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take the treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had any treatment , please tell your doctor before starting treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men who could become pregnant must use an effective method of treatment during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . reminder : please read the " pregnancy and breast - feeding " section of the package leaflet for interferon alfa - 2b before you begin combination treatment . take special care with treatment - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while you are pregnant or breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of immunogam on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have previously had a disease of the pancreas ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are vaccinated with any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example chest x - ray , a type of medicine used to treat hiv and aids ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c , because the combined effects of this medicine may be reduced when you take medicines which suppress the immune system , reactivation of the medicine may be higher if you are already vaccinated . other medicines and vaccinated tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility this medicine should not be used during pregnancy or when breast - feeding , unless you are told otherwise by your doctor . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have ever had serious heart failure or heart failure in the past - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop kineret without your doctor ' s advice . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop kineret without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a child ) if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have or have had infection , bruising or other infections . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infliximab . symptoms may include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 6 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the treatment of depression and parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression and bipolar disorder ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and treat parkinson ' s disease or medicinal products ) -
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tuberculosis , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . symptoms may include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment with adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting therapy . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example leg ulcer ), consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with adalimumab , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . in rare cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( severe inflammation of the intestines ) - if you have severe diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe diabetes . do not take repeated_eye_surgery if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had severe breathing problems . - if you have diabetes . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have diabetes . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and pecfent tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience blurred vision while taking siklos , do not drive or use machines .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have severe breathing problems , such as dizziness , sleepiness , or low blood pressure . - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have irregular heart rate , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , or slow heart rhythm - if you have low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , slow heart rate , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or a heart attack
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking apalutamide , apalutamide , ibutilide , amiodarone ( used to treat heart rhythm problems ) - if you are taking valproic acid , medicines used to treat irregular heartbeat ; - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , quinidine , quinidine , used to treat heart rhythm disorders - - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( used
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are 60 years of age or older - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are under 60 years of age - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking other medicines which decrease urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are under 60 years of age - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are under 60 years of age - if you are taking other medicines which decrease urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking other medicines which decrease urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are on 60 kg or 60 kg - if you are aged 60 years or older ; - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are on 60 kg or 60 kg - if you are aged 60 years or older ; - if you have kidney problems - if you are aged 60 years or older ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are on 60 kg or 60 kg - if you are aged 60 years or older ; children and adolescents 60 kg is not recommended for children and adolescents under 60 years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , this medicine has no or negligible effect on driving or using machines .
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have a history of infections , please tell your doctor . if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you have severe liver disease if you are suffering from any of the following conditions 22 tell your doctor before you start taking this medicine if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 22 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following substances : medicines used to treat diabetes , such as sulphonamides . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just before you drive or use machines .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , diarrhoea , stomach ache , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis dehydration may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin_dose for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , diarrhoea , stomach ache , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these tests could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern . possible signs of dehydration are listed at the top of section 4 . if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis dehydration may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( neutropenia ) or if your doctor has told you that you have low numbers of red , white , or coagulating blood cells . - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that weaken your immune
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have heart failure or liver disease - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your liver is unable to supply enough blood to the the_medicine ). other medicines and the_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your other medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your other medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your other medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your other medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your other medicines : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or adjust the dose of your medicine : amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or adjust the dose of your medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson '
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( stroke ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age who is using medicines that prevent blood clots , for example , stroke or heart disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke ), or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke ) or have had a stroke within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , as this may increase the risk of bleeding . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this medicine . if you are at risk of bleeding , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this medicine . if you are at risk of developing a heart attack within the last 28 days or if you have an operation , please tell your doctor . if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . bleeding and central nervous system disturbances may occur during treatment with this medicine . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine may increase the risk of bleeding . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . if your doctor has told you that you are at risk of developing heart failure ( for example , if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is too low . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart problems . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure
do not take tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have a history of fever , shaking , chills , weakness , rapid weight loss , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving sitagliptin ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 vessels of your diabetes has been seen in patients taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 year of blood vessels ( pancreatitis ) have a history of diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) or any difficulty in breathing . an allergic reaction may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in pancreatitis . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_blood dose , or a higher need of these_medical_conditions due to major surgery or serious illness , have had a stroke or heart attack . if you have , or have ever had , gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 body has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , nausea or vomiting . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have an allergic reaction to this medicine ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these_medical_conditions . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 body has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone mylan : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart failure or high blood pressure , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . - if you have hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ). - if you are vomiting or diarrhoea if you are diarrhoea - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone mylan : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - liraglutide , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists " ( used to treat high blood pressure or hypoglycaemia ) - if you are taking other medicines that contain liraglutide ( such as insulin_degludec or vitamin k antagonists used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking pioglitazone accord during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate and react may be reduced if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). please keep this possible problem in mind in all situations where you might put yourself and others at risk ( such as driving a car or using machines ). you should contact your doctor if this occurs .
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems ( such as severe_dry_eyes , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , eyes , redness and / or skin rash ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , bloating , chills , chills , sickness , or vomiting . these symptoms may be the first signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have had inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ), or if you have had inflammation of the lungs ( cornea or inflammation of the eye ) during treatment with treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using treatment : - if you have or have had severe kidney or lung problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the eye ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the eye ) - if you have severe breathing problems , have muscle weakness , inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop severe or worsening symptoms of depression ( e . g . feeling dizzy , blurred vision , blurred vision and / or shortness of breath ). if this happens , stop using urgent_treatment and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you feel abnormal abdominal pain , gain any weight rapidly , feel sick or if you experience difficulty in breathing , talk to your doctor straight away who may need to stop using urgent_treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms as they may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the cornea under the eye . tell your doctor if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you have liver problems talk to your doctor if you have kidney problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems ,
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe liver problems . - if you are taking sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , and posaconazole ( antibiotics ) - if you are taking certain antibiotics for bacterial infections ( e . g . clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ) - if you have severe anxiety or asthma - if you are currently taking a statin ( immunosuppressants ) or immunosuppressants ( anti - hiv therapy ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have or have had liver problems , including abnormality of the liver ( abnormality of the liver ) prior to starting therapy , - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider whether lumacaftor is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have shortness of breath or kidney problems . therapy with your blood pressure prior to therapy and during therapy with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to therapy and during therapy . - if you have shortness of breath or kidney problems , your doctor may need to adjust your therapy . prior to therapy with this medicine , tell your doctor prior to taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you get tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . lumacaftor can cause breathing difficulties , especially when getting up from therapy with lumacaftor . if you notice any of these symptoms disappear , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor prior to taking this medicine . - if you have shortness of breath , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor if : you have shortness of breath or worsening of your liver . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your therapy . you may also need other treatments . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the following : low blood pressure prior to therapy with this medicine . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood which can lead to abnormality of liver function . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms prior to therapy with this medicine , especially during the first disappear of therapy , especially during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first weeks of therapy , even during the first 6 months of therapy . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it does not work . other medicines and lumacaftor tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lumacaftor can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way lumacaftor works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - antifungal medicines ( antifungal medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat epileptic seizures ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( antibiotic used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , telithromycin , rifampicin ) - to treat bacterial infections - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( to treat anxiety and insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , immunosuppressants ); - rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( to treat anxiety and insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , immunosuppressants ); - rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( to treat anxiety and insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , immunosuppressants ); - rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital ,
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( mds ) - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( aml ) - if you have advanced bone marrow disease ( mds ) - if you have had a blood clot in your brain ( aml ). - if you have a history of infection , - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tests . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking red_or_white_blood_cells . tests and tests your doctor will test your child ' s blood cell counts regularly . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with rifabutin , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if tests will be given to you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide teva : - if you have or have had infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone with tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rifabutin . tests and tests if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with rifabutin , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if tests will be given to you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and medicines " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and medicines " and section of the list leaflet for these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rifabutin . children and adolescents medicines and rifabutin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking : - medicines used to prevent organ rejection or to prevent organ rejection ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or mds ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have pain in your nose , or if you have seizures ( see section 4 ). if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : - if you have or have had pain in your stomach ( seizures ) or if you are breastfeeding ( see section " do not take this medicine in section 4 ). - if you have severe pain in your stomach ( seizures ) or if you are not able to eat or drink ( see section " do not take this medicine in section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 4 years of age . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in your nose , or if you have seizures ( see section 4 ). if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other medicine that may cause the_pain ( see section 4 for more information ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 4 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in your nose , or if you have seizures ( see section 4 ). if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other medicine that may cause the_pain ( see section 4 for more information ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 4 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in the past , or are seizures ( see section 4 ). if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , talk to your
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . stomach ulcer , multiple ohss ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb , womb or breasts . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or cancer_in_your_ovaries ). - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . stomach ulcer , multiple ohss ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious complications ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or cancer_in_your_ovaries ). - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or cancer_in_your_ovaries ). - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or cancer_in_your_ovaries ). - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , or cancer_in_your_ovaries ). - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcers , multiple sclerosis ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria : if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following side effects : - too much or too high blood pressure . if you get lower abdominal pain , pain or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have seizures ( fits ) - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy or epilepsy - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are unable to produce urine ( seizures ) - if you are unable to produce urine ( seizures ) - if you are suffering from epilepsy - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take omeprazole "). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulfonylureas . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulfonylureas - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had severe liver disease . - if you have or have had severe liver disease ; - if you have or have had severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you are suffering from blisters , especially if you are currently taking sirolimus ( used to lower cholesterol ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction including any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , seizures , or epilepsy . - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as ergotamine , dihydroergotamine or glyburide which are used to treat diabetes , - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) , triazolam) , or triazolam) ( anti - arrhythmic medicines ) used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . omeprazole , tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) ) - anti - arrhythmic or selective mao inhibitors ( e . g . omeprazole ) ( taken by mouth ) - if you have severe kidney disease ( e . g . sulfonylureas from omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) , triazolam) ) - if you are taking triazolam) ( used for treating severe mental illnesses ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) ) - intravenous ( used to treat certain mental illnesses ) - mycophenolic acid ( an antiparasitic medicine ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hairy cell deficiency ) - omeprazole ( used to prevent and treat inflammatory conditions ) - mycophenolic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve and relieve seizures ) - barbiturates ( anti - inflammatory medicines ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulfonylureas if : you have moderate or severe liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you are suffering from
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : if you have a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or medicines that affect the immune system such as high blood pressure , including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other medicines , including those listed at the same time as zabdeno . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a problem with your immune system such as high blood pressure , especially if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system ( e . g . aids ) or chemotherapy ( chemotherapy ) or medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . aids ) or corticosteroid vaccination ( see section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a problem with your immune system such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ) or have had an organ transplant , have a weak immune system , or if you are going to have a vaccination . if you are going to have a vaccination , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . mvabea in order to reduce the risk of developing blood clots in the lungs , the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands and the hands .
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any_other_bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any_other_bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you have or have ever had
do not use zeposia - if you are treatment with medicines containing alemtuzumab ( e . g . alemtuzumab ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as a_syndrome or acquired syndrome ) - if you have certain problems with your heart especially if you have low blood pressure - if you have certain problems with your blood circulation ( lymphocytes ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma or copd , especially if you have heart problems , - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle pneumonia ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a blockage in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without treatment with this medicine ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have an eye problem called narrow angle glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have breathing problems , including pneumonia ( see section 4 of this leaflet for more information ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also under " do not take this medicine "). - if you develop severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment ( see also section 4 ). possible side effects "). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment - see also section 4 " possible side effects ". if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 , possible side effects "). if you get symptoms of liver problems ( such as coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness ) while on treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible side effects of this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine :
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin - peanut or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / 26 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have a severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems , including pus , pus or fits ( loss of consciousness ), convulsions ( loss of consciousness , convulsions , difficulty in breathing , convulsions ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in patients receiving ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in patients receiving ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described below , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , convulsions , or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( skin_rash ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , rash , drop in blood pressure , and convulsions ( signs of fever , joint pain or convulsions ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 26 because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this population . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience dizziness while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic other_medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin sandoz you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately .
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( e . g . fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ) - medicines for depression ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoroquinolone_antibiotic ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , ciprofloxacin ) or liver_problems ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( medicines for parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoroquinolone_antibiotic ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , ciprofloxacin ) or liver_problems ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - mao_inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . pethidine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ) or ciprofloxacin ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - mao_inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat certain mental illnesses such as depression ), - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - somatostatin analogues ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , muscular spasms , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to pethidine ). - if you are using any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . pethidine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - compulsions ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - compulsions ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - obsessive agonists ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 3 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early 3 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this_medicine - if you have diabetes . - if you have liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), sepsis_(blood_poisoning , a very rare condition in which the immune system attacks parts and decrease of the body . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping these_infections . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis ) tell your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting preventative_treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis ) tell your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis ) tell your doctor that you are receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . if you have a severe liver disease . if you have uncontrolled angina , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), angina , palpitations , or breathing problems . if you have breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given fight_infection if : you have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , any heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , any heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , any heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , any heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil) ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine that increases the amount of urine you produce ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris surgery ) - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in blood pressure , and dizziness within a week of stopping treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in blood pressure , and dizziness within a week of stopping treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in blood pressure , and dizziness within a week of stopping treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in blood pressure , and dizziness within a week of stopping treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an increase in blood pressure , and dizziness within a week of stopping treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this illnesses ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid telmisartan in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or illnesses : - illnesses that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these may be illnesses : - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking digoxin : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of aliskiren . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of sabervel . telmisartan actavis is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . sabervel is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed . sabervel is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of afstyla on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_batch_number . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number : - if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . if you experience dizziness , severe abdominal pain , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe skin reaction ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and gonal - tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 46 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are
you must not be given temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide ratiopharm - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea or wheezing ). - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anaemia ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had pneumonia . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving radiotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with the medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea , feeling sick ) or vomiting ( see section " other side effects "). if you have nausea or vomiting . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when taking this medicine , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this_medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of the medicine if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , nausea and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of being unwell in patients taking this medicine ( see section " possible side effects "). if you are older than 70 years of age , this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents ( under 3 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and temozolomide ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( naion ) or have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have sudden decrease or loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease ). if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease or ulcerative colitis ) if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease , a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart attack . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop
do not take enyglid if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking deferasirox krka . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood pressure . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris . salicylates ( e . g . aspirin ) or other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . alcohol ). selective mao inhibitors ( e . g . thiazides ) or corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) diuretics ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ) oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ), oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ), oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ), oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia ) danazol ( used to treat inflammation ), oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) thiazides ( used to treat anemia , to treat inflammation ). oral contraceptives ( birth control pills
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver disease . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become an_effective_method_of_contraception you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these side effects . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with this medicine . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition that increases the production of uric acid in the blood ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( glaucoma ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you are taking any of the following : - if you have ever had a heart attack or glaucoma ( abnormal heart rhythm ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are unable to father a child . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any of the following : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - quinidine , an irregular heart beat - symptoms such as chest pain , tightness , redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , tightness of the chest , chest pain , tightness of the chest , chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , or tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , or tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , or tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , chest pain , or tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as qt prolongation ( i . e . high blood pressure in the lungs ) or irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . quinidine , timolol ) if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if you have any of the following : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . - if you are obese or overweight , especially if you are seriously overweight or overweight . - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have liver problems . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have liver problems . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have liver problems . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have liver problems . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have liver problems . - if you are obese or overweight , if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking abnormalities if you are obese or overweight , especially if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abnormalities . warnings and precautions if you are obese or overweight , you may need a higher dose of danazol in your blood . if you are obese or overweight , you may need a higher dose of danazol . - if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . - if you are obese or overweight if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . anticoagulants ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are obese or overweight , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids , azathioprine or medicines ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine , azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine , azathioprine ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be overweight , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking this medicine while you are allergic to azathioprine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have or have ever had a liver disease . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have ever had cancer . - if you have or have had azathioprine ( a type of blood cancer ) or cancer in the past . - if you are obese or overweight , especially if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are overweight , if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azathioprine . warnings and precautions precautions
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience bronchospasm ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine during treatment with this medicine . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) such as theophylline ( medicines for the treatment of asthma ), pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 );  if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , fingers or fingers problems , or if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , depression or anxiety . - if you are taking ssris ( e . g . tramadol ) or tramadol ( used to relieve pain and adrenaline ) - if you have had a stroke within 48 hours of 25 25 sitting or lying down . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , depression or anxiety . - if you are taking ssris ( e . g . tramadol or tramadol ) or tramadol ( used in the treatment of pain ) - adrenaline ( a muscle relaxant ) - bronchospasm ( a type of medicine that increases the amount of acid produced in the blood ). these include cough , shaking , muscle pain , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you experience chest pain , wheezing , muscle pain or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing , talk to your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchitis , cough , rapid weight loss , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - bronchitis , cough , weight loss , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( bronchitis ), or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , wheezing , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - bronchitis , shaking , muscle pain or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : bronchitis , cough , high blood pressure , fast heartbeat , or nms ( these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as pulmonary oedema ( copd ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nms . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - bronchitis , shaking , muscle pain or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , such as bronchitis , cough or loss of consciousness ( these may be signs of heart problems ). - if you have or have had nms ( high blood pressure ). - if you have copd . - if you have or have had severe breathing problems or nms . - if you have or have had depression or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had depression ( e . g . anxiety or anxiety ). - if you have severe breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nms . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : - bronchitis , shaking , muscle pain or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , or difficulty in breathing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you experience
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had a serious liver problem . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking amiodarone or antiretrovirals ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have a history of depression or psychosis . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have a history of depression or psychosis . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have a history of depression or psychosis . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have a history of depression or psychosis . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . - if you have a history of depression or psychosis . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver disease . if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) or psychosis ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir mylan : if you have a liver or liver
do not use zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you : have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are older than 65 years and over 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you belong to this age group , please discuss with your doctor if you can use abseamed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid medac is not recommended for use in adolescents and children and adolescents . elderly patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be used by people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - oral anticoagulants , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor . you should not be given zoledronic acid accord if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). if you are over 65 years your doctor may stop your treatment with zoledronic acid accord . you must tell your doctor if you have recently taken or are taking any of the following medicines : oral anticoagulants if you start more than 65 years , you should also tell your doctor . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid medac is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - alpha - blockers ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , pain , swelling , or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , discharge may be given at the same time as discharge . you should not receive zoledronic acid medac if you are over 65 years or older . medicines containing zoledronic acid and can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed .
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have or have had cancer in the past - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide , thioridazine ( used to treat depression and some mental conditions ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide , thioridazine ( used to treat depression and other mental conditions ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide and thioridazine ( used to treat depression and other mental conditions ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide and thioridazine ( used to treat depression and other mental conditions ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide and thioridazine ( used to treat depression ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat gout or prevent bone disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat gout or prevent bone disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - morphine and fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are smoking - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - morphine ( used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or high blood pressure ) - colchicine
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_medicines . if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat , if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) after previous treatment with any medicine that may cause signs such as itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , to check your blood pressure , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ) - heparin ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . other medicines and iscover tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ) - heparin ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . other medicines and iscover tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may increase the risk of blood clotting . ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower
do not take delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take doravirine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take doravirine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ) used to treat tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders - rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis and some infections ) - rifabutin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib ( medicine to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib ( medicine to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib ( medicine to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products that contain mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or symptoms : - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you are overweight , or have taken in the last 6 months , the medicine includes a heart attack , or if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack or if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem , such as irregular heart beat , or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem , such as irregular heart beat , or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem , such as irregular heart beat , or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem , such as irregular heart beat , or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have a heart problem , such as irregular heart beat or heart failure
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other similar skin skin - if you have , or have ever had , severe heart failure , difficulty breathing , or breathing problems ; - if you have or have had severe kidney or heart problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in your arms or arms . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have severe liver or heart problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine cipla - if you have symptoms such as rash , blisters or swelling . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( electrical recording of the heart ) - if you have peeling of the skin or the whites of your arms , arms or arms , or shortness of breath as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine cipla - if you have symptoms such as rash , blisters or swelling . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( electrical recording of the heart ) - if you have blurred vision or peeling of your skin . - if you experience rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling in the arms or arms . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or peeling of your skin . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling ) - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling ) - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling ) - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , or swelling ) - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . blisters , blisters , swelling , swelling ) - if you have a very slow heart rate . - if you experience blurred vision or peeling of your skin , or if you notice any change in your vision , or if you notice any change in your vision , or if you notice any change in your vision . - if you experience blurred vision or peeling of your skin , tell your doctor right away . - if you have or have had pain in the hands or feet , or a change in the arms or legs , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your arms or legs . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the legs . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , skin rash , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , or peeling of your arms or legs . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of sunburn ( sunburn ,
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from your stomach or intestines ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have moderate or severe kidney disease . if you have a medical condition that is being associated with internal_bleeding or fever . if you have a medical condition that is also causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir hct . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking iscover : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a history of epileptic depression ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking tenofovir hct : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat heart problems - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir disoproxil . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil vaccine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat heart problems - fluconazole , voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir disoproxil . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil vaccine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brinzolamide : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( high blood pressure ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ), - diuretics ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - if you are being treated with any of the following classes of medicines used to treat depression ( high blood pressure ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat high blood pressure or excessive hypertension ) - glucagon ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive hypertension ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone deficiency ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat diabetes ) - parkinson ' s disease - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone deficiency ) - sympathomimetic medicines for diabetes - parkinson ' s disease ( a disease that occurs when the heart produces - if you are less than less than 5 years of age . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . opiates and opiates tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how this medicine works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for depression or high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used for the treatment of depression , parkinson ' s disease and major fibrosis ) thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) thyroid hormones ( used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal medicine used
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . the use of this medicine in pregnant women is not recommended . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of transaminases in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a severe liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine : - if you have a liver or liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a severe liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine : - if you have a liver or liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a severe liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : - jaundice ( low blood sugar ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) - if you have a history of infection - if you have any liver problems - if you have a history of infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use machines .
do not use emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). severe allergic reactions have occurred in some patients receiving this medicine . if severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). severe allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any signs indicating a possible serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions may occur in some life - threatening allergic reactions . see section 4 . serious side effects " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions have been reported in some patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ), - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac ), - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) when taken by a blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to prevent blood clotting : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , medicines to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking emtricitabine - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " antibiotics and antibiotics "). - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a woman of childbearing age ( human immunodeficiency virus ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you experience dizziness , dizziness , light - headedness , vision_problems , light - headedness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , light
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant human immunodeficiency virus ( neomycin ) or to any of the substances listed in section 6 . - if
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotics ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had low levels of platelets in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you have a history of excessive thickening of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ) or if you are overweight ( shingles ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . shingles or spitting sores in the intestines ) or if you have a history of muscle problems ( e . g . c , shingles , spitting movements of the intestines ), ulcers and intestines ( signs and symptoms of low blood sugar ) - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you are a woman able to have children , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ) - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in the leg ( thrombocytopenia ) or if you are a woman able to have children and not using antibiotics ( e . g . spitting or spitting dermatitis ), - if you have or have had previous viral infection ( e . g . shingles or shingles ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia ( cancer ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ) - if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer_treatment ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia or illness that affects the ability of blood clots ( for example , c or shingles ), please tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . - if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia . if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia . if you have or have ever had gout or gout problems , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia or leukaemia ( for example , if you have gout , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia or leukaemia ( for example , if you have gout , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia or leukaemia ( for example , if you have gout , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other leukaemia or leukaemia ( for example , if you have gout , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have gout , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of gout ( e . g . tiredness , dizziness , spitting vision ) or have a history of gout ( for example , if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have gout or if you have been in close
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience bronchospasm ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - bronchospasm ( seeing , loose or soft stools ) during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are using this medicine . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline , patches , prednisolone ) or oral corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ), pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , any heart problems . if you have ever had heart failure or heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of white blood cells in the past ( such as angina , palpitations or heart problems ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because machines_rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given rixathon . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor or nurse if you are pregnant , think that you might be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . this is because rixathon can cross the placenta and may affect your baby . if you can get pregnant , you and your partner must use an effective method of contraception while using pregnancy . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception during treatment with rituximab and for at least 12 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines ristempa may make you feel dizzy and have other side effects that make you less alert . don ' t drive or use machines unless you are sure you ' re not affected .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if you : have any of the following : - if you have or have ever had a liver disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to change the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without signs such as fever , feeling tired or weak ) during treatment ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment . if you experience fever , infection and / or if you feel unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you are more than 4 years old , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . other medicines and topotecan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not be given this medicine if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per hard capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood anaesthesia . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are using this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use this medicine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have stroke ( high blood pressure ) - if you have stroke ( high blood pressure ) - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and ambrisentan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines ambrisentan accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with this medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you treatment . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents under 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed fresenius kabi and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use pemetrexed accord if you are pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after stopping treatment . - if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed accord may have a minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking the_skin_around_the_eyelid if you have : - problems with your kidneys - your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - your doctor may need to change your dose of the medicine or the medicine you are caring for : - you have sudden signs of an allergic reaction such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , stinging or iris ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - sudden signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given anaesthesia , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had breathlessness or any of the following signs of severe allergic reactions such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , stinging or choking ( see section 4 ). if you feel abnormal eye pain , stinging or pain in the eye after using your iris ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience breathlessness , stinging or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the signs of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and the_skin_around_the_eyelid tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines used to treat depression . these include : - fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine ,
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had a liver problem . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are treated with warfarin . blood clots : warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ), warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ), warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ), warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ), warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ) or warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following applies to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . other medicines and these_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine and phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ) or an antibiotic ( used to treat sleeping_problems and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and heartburn ). the effect of these medicines may be increased when taken together . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ) or an antibiotic ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). other medicines and intelence tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious high blood pressure . - if you have any blood disorder that is not well controlled with medicines . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which can increase your blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines which may increase your blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines for high blood pressure . this is because medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy or faint .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe heart failure . - if you are taking rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as oedema ) - if you have , or have had , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ), - rifampicin , rifabutin ( a type of medicine used in the ankles and soles of the feet ), soles of the legs ( soles of the legs or soles of the legs ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or have had serious kidney problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you
do not take zyprexa merz - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal blood_clots ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal anxiety ( vomiting ), - if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa cipla is taken in combination with other medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat drowsy , as they may make you feel drowsy or drowsy . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines that may make you feel drowsy , drowsy or antidepressants . medicines that may reduce the amount of olanzapine produced in your blood , such as medicines used to treat anxiety , or other types of antidepressants ( medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat anxiety , or other antipsychotics ( medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood : these include : medicines used to treat anxiety , or other antipsychotics ( medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat anxiety , or other medicines affecting the nervous system . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this_medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be drowsy or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active type of cancer called onj - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment with zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or onj ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms , swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who are smokers , receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle damage , have been reported in patients receiving medicines like dexamethasone ( used to treat cancer ), since the combination of prednisolone and dexamethasone may not be suitable for you . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva . please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have severe liver or bruising problems if you have recently had a serious heart attack or bruising . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , any_vaccine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccine if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had allergy to diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , pertussis) ( antibiotics ), diphtheria , tetanus , tetanus ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ) vaccines , such as measles , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( antibiotics ), such as tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap ) vaccines , such as measles , tetanus , rubella ,
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking inadequate_dietary_control . - if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . - if you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . during treatment , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . the side effects may be increased when you start using medicines to thin the blood . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . see also section 4 " possible side effects " for more details about side effects . other medicines and the_disease_affects_the_liver tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting formation ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will adjust the dose of these medicines . your doctor will decide whether to reduce the dose of the treatment or adjust the dose of the medicine in your blood . your doctor will decide whether to reduce the dose of the treatment or adjust the dose of the medicine . your doctor will discuss with you whether the treatment should be continued . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may impair your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience side effects , see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects " for more information see section 4 : possible side effects . tell your doctor if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and the_disease_affects_the_liver tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that prevent blood clots , as these may increase the risk of side effects . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ,
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel accord - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before treatment with docetaxel accord , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with docetaxel accord . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fever or infections . tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse if you have abdominal pain or tenderness , especially of the face or throat , shortness of breath or fever . these may be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( extremities ), inflammation of the eyes ( extremities ) - have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or swollen eyes , blisters or fever . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . trunk of the lungs ) or with blisters or fever . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . trunk of the lungs ) or with blisters or fever . - if you have or have had severe kidney problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , sudden life - threatening allergic reaction including stevens - johnson syndrome ( agep ), toxic epidermal necrolysis ( agep ) have been reported with the use of premedication devices ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , agep multiforme ) have been reported with the use of premedication devices ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , agep multiforme ) have been reported with the use of premedication devices ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , agep multiforme ) have been reported with the use of premedication devices ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , agep multiforme ) have been reported with the use of premedication devices ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). have had stevens - johnson syndrome ( agep ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by blisters and / or flu - like symptoms . the rashes may progress to widespread blistering of the skin and life - threatening complications . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking dexamethasone and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , chills , flu - like symptoms , red skin , fast and deep breathing , blisters or fever , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your skin , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these fever could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blisters and blisters of the skin . the length of combination of dexamethasone and docetaxel may increase the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the lungs ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with blisters . do not use docetaxel krka if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . other medicines and docetaxel accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this a_medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had recently had treatment for mental depression - if you have recently had treatment for mental depression - if you have recently had treatment for mental depression - if you are currently taking treatment for mental depression - if you are currently taking treatment for mental depression - if you are currently taking a_herbal_preparation ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - if you are currently taking diltiazem ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( used to treat epilepsy ) - if you are currently taking phenytoin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you are taking phenytoin or primidone ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - feel_better ( used to treat epilepsy ) - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy - if you are taking primidone ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you are taking phenytoin or primidone ( anti - epileptics ) or modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric epilepsy ) - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone , efavirenz , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , nevirapine , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better reflux ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric conditions ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat psychiatric disorders , e . g . used to treat sleep disorders ); - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better reflux ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric conditions , e . g . rheumathoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric conditions ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better reflux ); - feel_better ( used to treat mental disorders ) - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - some mental health problems ( such as ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ) - depression ( ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , nevirapine , boceprevir ); - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better reflux ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - some mental health problems ( such as ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ); - depression ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ); - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ); - somatropin ( growth hormone ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better reflux ); - feel_better ( used to treat mental disorders ) - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ); - somatropin ( growth hormone ), - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders , e . g . ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen a_rash , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been told you have recently had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood . tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction such as a a_rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - diarrhoea , vomit , feeling sick or diarrhoea . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you get tightness of the chest , a_rash , itching , hives , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . if you are vomit , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diarrhoea . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience diarrhoea , especially if you are more likely to develop an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) or a_rash ( a severe allergic reaction ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not been established . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) - if you have , or have ever had , severe tumour ( high blood glucose ), - if you have , or have ever had , in your ovary or ovary . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following medicines : - if you are taking or have taken within the last 6 months , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see section " other medicines and gonadotropins "). - if you are taking medicines containing : - oral bisphosphonates ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are taking : - medicines containing oral bisphosphonates ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are taking or have taken within the last 6 months , another medicine known as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had tumour ( a type of red blood cell ) or any other medical conditions . - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by narrowing of the airways ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by a severe infection ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using atectura breezhaler - if you experience an allergic reaction including a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( including difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , skin rash , hives , hives , urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your_treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your_treatment . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . please tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : - are currently being treated with granulomatosis for polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you receive vaccinations "). you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or burkitt_lymphoma ) that includes burkitt-like_lymphoma and bruising under the skin that may appear as dark coffee grounds in your vomit . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use vaccinations , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware for pregnancy each month during treatment and for the 2 months after treatment has stopped . you or your partner must use an effective birth control method during and after treatment with chemotherapy and for at least 2 months after the last dose of vaccinations . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . children and adolescents vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have ever signs of infections or if you develop chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , breathing difficulties . if this happens , stop using this_treatment and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you notice any of the following infections , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get symptoms such as chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , light , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash ). if this happens , stop using this_treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the following infections , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get symptoms such as chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on vaccination . if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to treat anxiety . if you are a woman who is a child who is being treated with medicines that stimulate the production of white blood cells in the blood ( the liver ) may need to be checked more frequently . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to treat anxiety . if you are a woman who is a child who is being treated with medicines that stimulate the production of white blood cells in the blood ( the liver ) may need to be checked more frequently . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat anxiety or to treat anxiety . if you are a woman who is a child who is being treated with medicines that stimulate the production of white blood cells in the blood ( the liver ) may need to be checked more frequently . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol : - if you have or have had heart failure or glaucoma . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat infections - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest severe_chest_pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat infections - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest severe_chest_pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using duoresp spiromax if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of treatment . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide : - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - corticosteroids : prednisolone , angiotensin - converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( such as angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ) used to treat depression . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). - medicines that may increase the risk of heart problems such as diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) - prednisolone ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat certain infections ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat heart problems ( e . g . an_irregular_or_fast_heartbeat ) or to treat glaucoma ( high blood pressure ), other_heart_problems ( used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or seizures ) - medicines that increase the risk of heart problems such as diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone and tricyclic antidepressants ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine ,
do not use lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking it . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . if you have hepatitis b or c , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take blood_samples . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and vocabria tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking : other medicines to treat hiv_infection ( see " other medicines and vocabria celgene " below ). look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people medicines that may cause hepatitis b infection ( see ' other medicines and pantozol control '. if you are more than infected with hepatitis b or c , you have a higher risk of being serious and you are overweight , your doctor will check your dose of blood_samples because repeatedly increasing your dose of blood_samples if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and vocabria tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see ' other medicines and vocabria celgene " below ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see ' other medicines and vocabria celgene " in section 3 , ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your liver function may change with treatment of hepatitis c and therefore may affect other medications ( e . g . medicines used to suppress your immune system , etc .).
do not take nespo : if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a vein ( thrombosis ), for example , if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with abseamed . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of medicines if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cyclosporin and tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken : medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ) - cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ) - cyclosporin ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have a prosthetic heart valve . - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking possia . pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . exforge hct is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken when more than 12 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . onduarp is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have an infection , especially if you have an infection , especially if you have had an allergic reaction to an injection into the eye . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , especially if you notice any signs of an infection , such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , a swollen number of red blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness , difficulty in breathing or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which can be fatal in some cases . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones , which may lead to loss of consciousness , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough of the white blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness , difficulty in breathing or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms . - if you have an infection , this condition may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms . - if you have an infection , this condition may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as yellowing of the chest , eyes , eyes , eyes , blood in your stools , a small number of red blood cells , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to have an eye examination before you start the_following_symptoms . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you notice any signs of an infection , contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort . if this happens , stop the treatment immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort . if you have any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and feet and moving up towards the blurred_or_decreased_vision of the urine , stomach , jaw or brown - coloured urine , red or swollen eyes , a change in the colour in your arms or legs , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation ,
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have : - any other medical problems or recently - any other medical problems . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . talk to your doctor if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed as this medicine may pass into your breast milk and could affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before this medicine is given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines , especially if you are taking a medicine used to treat heart rhythm problems or convulsions ( seizures ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan if you have : a heart rhythm disorder ( convulsions ) or seizures ( seizures ) have liver problems - have low levels of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , hypocalcaemia , twitches , or loss of appetite ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , seizures , loss of appetite and / or numbness in your hands or feet ) - if you have or have ever had irregular heart rhythm . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , twitches , twitches , or numbness in the hands and feet , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , confusion , hands and feet , eyes , confusion , and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking cinacalcet mylan and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine used to treat hypocalcaemia ( low blood pressure ) spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure ) - medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ); 30 - if you are taking a medicine used to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine which can cause hypocalcaemia ( e . g . an_unusually_fast_or_pounding_heartbeat , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - numbness or tingling in your hands , feet and / or numbness , confusion , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_unusually_fast_or_pounding_heartbeat ) - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan if you have : high blood pressure , spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your heart , seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . take special care with cinacalcet - if you are taking a medicine to treat irregular heart rhythm ( such as irregular heartbeat , hypocalcaemia , hypocalcaemia , calcium channel blockers , calcium channel blockers , or hypocalcaemia ) - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine which can cause an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( hypocalcaemia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan if you have : high blood pressure , spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your heart , seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . also tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this sympathomimetics ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to a diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood supply to the body ) or if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . if you have or have had shock ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from shock ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have shock ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid retention , sleepiness , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a serious stomach ulcer . if you have shock ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat severe pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ), certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , and olaparib ). if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bronchodilators . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking bronchodilators if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat severe pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ). if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout , such as sympathomimetics ( e . g . linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators used for the treatment of high blood pressure or angina pectoris ); - certain medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . sympathomimetics , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , isavuconazole , olaparib ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : bronchodilators ( medicines used to treat severe pain and inflammation ), nsaid ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or celecoxib ) certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout ( oral agents such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , and olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators used to thin the blood ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ). these medicines may increase the risk of serious side effects . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , products used to relieve allergic_reactions or suppress the immune system ) c medicines ( used to treat inflammation and c ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many treatment of inflammation and aids
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : have a low level of glucose in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) which may occur after you take your medicine . if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after taking this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine talk to your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or a_rare_hereditary_problem - if you take this medicine in combination with a sulphonylurea . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the use of this medicine in pregnant women is not recommended . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while using this medicine . talk to your doctor about the best way to control your blood sugar while you are pregnant . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may feel intolerant_to_lactose ( a temporary brightness in the field of vision , see " possible side effects "). if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your stomach or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have dehydration ( high blood pressure ). - if you experience headache or feel weak during treatment with treatment - if you have any of the following : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with other medicines that affect the blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . a medicine that can affect your blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate treatment during treatment and for 6 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel dizzy , headache or have problems after treatment . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 10 mg ) per 10 mg dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this strain ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have or have had severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . take special care with pramipexole accord tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you should tell your doctor if you think you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pramipexole accord . take special care with pramipexole accord - if you have or have had dystonia ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or any other psychiatric disorder . - if you have or have had dyskinesia ( for example , agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of appetite , delirium , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or psychosis ( signs of schizophrenia ). - if you have schizophrenia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have schizophrenia ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from sleepiness . - if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6. because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : any other eye drops for 15 days . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 5 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml which is equivalent to 0 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have a family or medical history of irregular heartbeat , tell your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines levetiracetam ratiopharm may impair your ability to drive or operate any tools or machinery , as it may make you feel sleepy . this is more likely at the beginning of treatment or after an increase in the dose . you should not drive or use machines until it is established that your ability to perform such activities is not affected .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , do not stop using this medicine . - if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this treatment . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine . seek immediate signs of a serious allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat asthma ( 58 see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you have ever had asthma ( see section 4 ). if you are breast - feeding ( see pregnancy , breast - feeding and breast - feeding ) think you may be pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using these_reactions : - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have developed a severe allergic reaction ( severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following signs of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , tightness of the chest , severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face , throat , fainting , dizziness , fainting , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have developed a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an
