do not use incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem with your heart . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and anaemia ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - abacavir such as nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil . - calcium channel blockers , used to treat heart_problems , heart failure or heart problems - abacavir such as nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , low blood pressure heart rate , heart failure or heart failure - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could become a_serious_allergic_reaction : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using fluoroquinolones : - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , as this may be a sign of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under other_medicines years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and comtess tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines containing : iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , or phosphorus . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . pregnant is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby .
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking adefovir_dipivoxil , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( for the treatment of hiv - hepatitis b ) or hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - adefovir_dipivoxil , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain cancers ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b , c , or hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - adefovir_dipivoxil , azithromycin , rifabutin ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( hepatitis c ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have or have had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( with or without hepatitis ) any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take antiretrovirals . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take antiretrovirals . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , since iron supplements will be taken at the same time as rifabutin . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins - used to thin the blood . rifabutin , rifampicin and rifabutin ( used to treat certain infections ) and infections ( such as rifabutin , azithromycin , clarithromycin , azithromycin and antiretrovirals ), antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) hepatitis b infection , hepatitis b or c . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rifabutin . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any infection ) - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 47 days or if you have a liver disease - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 47 days or if you have a liver disease - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 47 days or if you have a liver disease - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently experienced a stroke or severe heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with chemotherapy . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_vaccination if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening situation , may be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having chemotherapy . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 ) inhibitors ( e . g . for example , chemotherapy or chemotherapy ) that are used to treat certain types of cancer . - if you have recently received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine against bisphosphonate ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have impaired liver function . - if you are suffering from impaired liver function - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had kidney problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or change your dose . - if you are at risk for inflammation of the liver ( qt prolongation ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : glucocorticoids ( also known as " cortisone " used to treat inflammation ) 28 - you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory drugs ( glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - 28 - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - glucocorticoids (
do not use afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 31 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the use of this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in association
do not use tremfya hexal if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given hexal if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , life - threatening allergic reaction may be fatal . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given epoetin alfa hexal if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you have ever had a allergic reaction to epoetin alfa ( a group of anticancer epoetin medicine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you have recently had or are going to have a vaccination . you have ever had bleeding or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , cough , fever , cough , warm , shortness of breath , warm , blurred vision , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation ). if this happens , stop using epoetin alfa hexal and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you experience blurred vision , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , blurred vision , or cough . these may be symptoms of an infection . if you experience new or worsening symptoms , such as warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , cough , loss of consciousness , or cough . these may be symptoms of an infection . if you experience new or worsening symptoms , such as warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , cough , experience blurred vision , warm , blurred vision , or cough . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some treatments , tell your doctor . if you have an infection , such as warm , red , or red blood pressure , cough , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , cough , or loss of consciousness . if this happens , stop using epoetin alfa hexal and contact your doctor or seek emergency treatment . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience new or worsening symptoms , such as warm , red or hot sensation , warm , blurred vision , shortness of breath , or cough . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some hexal , tell your doctor .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe lungs or liver disease . - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer ) - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 1.9 . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 1.9 . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 1.9 . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 1.9 . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last six months . - if you have a liver disease which leads to an increased risk of
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dalteparin , rash , asthma , rash , rash , rash , rash , or breathing difficulties . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using clopidogrel krka : - if you experience an allergic reaction including rash , swallowing , rash , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . - if you are allergic to lidocaine , other bisphosphonates or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have problems with your kidneys . - if you have problems with your kidneys . - if you have a low blood cell count - if you have a low blood cell count - if you have low blood cell count - if you have low blood cell count - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have unexplained high blood pressure ; - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to heart_attack ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe asthma ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness ) - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness or other heart conditions ). if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( antifungal and clarithromycin , josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir , diltiazem , verapamil , nifedipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , ); warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera . - if you experience a combination of any of the following : - fever , chills , chills , blurred vision . - if you have or have ever had high blood pressure . - if you have or have had arrhythmia ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , chills , chills , blurred vision ) when using the medicine . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called eosinophilic pneumonia . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , chills , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or other parts of the body , itchy rash , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or feeling faint ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or other parts of the body , itchy rash , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or other parts of the body , itchy rash , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or feeling generally unwell . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the heart under the skin . if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , a rash , fever , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever , chills , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience a combination of the following symptoms : fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever , chills , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or feeling of being unwell . - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever , chills , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience rash , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , fever , chills , blurred vision or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and opioids resulting to the risk of lactic acidosis ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and ttp ( e . g ., cutting yourself , fever , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of zentiva . it is especially important to mention the following to your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that may increase blood clotting ( such as opioids ), - opioids , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o opioids , to reduce the amount of urine , to prevent blood clotting , or to prevent blood clotting . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and clopidogrel ) you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking clopidogrel ; if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva if you need to have an injection of a contrast medium that contains ttp into your bloodstream , for example in the context of an x - ray or scan , you must stop taking zentiva before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with zentiva . tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . clopidogrel krka is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is a newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using
you must not be given onivyde celgene : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take beovu and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take beovu celgene and tell your doctor straight away . - if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of these apply to you , do not take beovu celgene and tell your doctor straight away . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given alternative_techniques celgene : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to become pregnant , as treatment is not recommended . - if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of immunogam on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take immunoglobulins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins - if you have or have ever had a problem with your pancreas . - if you are currently taking medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hepatitis c virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe heart failure . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . - if you have heart failure , have had a heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had sepsis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other diseases that affects your immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and other_organisms_in_the_environment ) - if you are being treated with any of the following kineret ( see section " other medicines and kineret "). - if you have a severe liver or heart problem . - if you have a heart problem , such as an irregular heartbeat , pneumonia , or other_organisms_in_the_environment . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take kineret . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : if you experience a cough , bleeding or bruising more easily , blood in your stools or brown - coloured urine or brown - coloured urine . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are pale and have a bleeding disorder or you are on a controlled in your family with kineret . this is because kineret can cause an increase in blood pressure , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before kineret is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being treated with kineret . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your treatment with infliximab in order to avoid too low blood sugar ( anaemia ). - if you have a fever , bleeding or bruising more easily , blood in your stools or brown - coloured urine or you notice you feel pale or bruising more easily than normal . these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . infliximab may increase the risk of developing blood clots in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). this rare conditions that can be life - threatening . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing pale or bleeding from your gums , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or if you notice any change in your vision . some patients with long - standing type 6 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with kineret and infliximab experienced the development of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ enlarged lymph nodes and a severe liver disease ). if you have pale and / or bruising , bruising or loss of consciousness , please contact your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to kineret , your doctor will check your dose of kineret because repeatedly increasing your dose of kineret if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , bleeding and bruising . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being treated with kineret . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription .
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicinal product ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease and are taking medicinal products that contains st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as pethidine ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression - if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression - if you are currently being treated for parkinson ' s disease - if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking either of the following classes of natural_products monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have experienced depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have experienced depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products called st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have experienced depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking medicinal products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking either of the following classes of natural_products monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have experienced depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products which contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking either of the following classes of natural_products monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have experienced depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking medicinal products for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tuberculosis ( very low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been previously diagnosed with a hepatitis b infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before surgery is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have asthma or have been tumour in the last six months . - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or intestines . - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or intestines . - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as a bacterial infection ) - if you are taking any other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal glands called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma - if you have or have had severe or severe allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have severe breathing problems , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma - if you have or have had severe or severe allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have an allergic reaction to other opioid antibiotics ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe severe allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you experience an allergic reaction to other opioid antibiotics ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe severe allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you experience an allergic reaction to other opioid antibiotics ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe severe allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have an allergic reaction to other opioid antibiotics ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe severe allergic reaction ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have an allergic reaction to other opioid antibiotics ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid nsaids ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you asthma - if you have asthma ( a disorder of the immune system ) - if you have an autoimmune disease which affects the beat ' s immune system ( e . g . e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , severe or severe lung disease ; - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing . if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . pregnancy and breast - feeding 39 do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . pregnancy and breast - feeding the safety and efficacy in this medicine should not be given to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding 18 should not be used during pregnancy or breast - feeding unless clearly necessary . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to brinzolamide ( medicines used to treat infections ); - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat infections ( e . g . valproic acid , sulphonamides ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking dorzolamide : - if you have poor liver or liver function . - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver or liver problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and dorzolamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be right for you . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . especially if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines which increase the amount of sulphonylureas in your blood , such as insulin or medicines that increase the amount of insulin in your blood . these include
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia or neutropenia ( a blockage in the electrical activity of the blood that increases the salt in your blood ). - if you have neutropenia ( inflammations ) or if your child has a history of repeated inflammations ( neutropenia ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - a_transplant ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - ciclosporin ( used for the treatment of bacterial infections ), - ciclosporin ( used in the treatment of skin disorders ), - ciclosporin ( used in the treatment of skin disorders ), - ciclosporin ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ) - ciclosporin ( used to treat inflammations and other inflammations , e . g . ibuprofen and diclofenac ) - anti - depressants ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma and other inflammations , e . g . ibuprofen and diclofenac ) - anti - depressants ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac and diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac , asthma ) - anti - depressants ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac , imatinib , diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ) - if your child has a history of inflammations ( inflammations ) or other medicinal products ( e . g . long-lasting , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( diclofenac ), asthma ( when taken by mouth ) or other opioids ( e . g . ibuprofen and diclofenac ), and diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you are treated with corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac ), or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you are treated with corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac ), or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you are treated with corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac ), or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you are treated with corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac ), or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . psoriasis , inflammations or inflammations ) - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - if you are taking chemotherapy or corticosteroids , please also inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - a_transplant ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - ciclosporin ( used in the treatment of mental disorders ), - ciclosporin ( used in the treatment of inflammations and immune system ) - ciclosporin ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ) - nsaids) ( used in the treatment of inflammations and aids ), - nsaids) ( used in the treatment of inflammations and autoimmune disorders ) - chemotherapy ( used in the treatment of inflammations and autoimmune disorders ) - chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other conditions ), - chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other forms of inflammations and inflammations ), - corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen and diclofenac ), and diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat psoriasis ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat psoriasis ), - treatment for inflammations ( tb ) - treatment for inflammations or other infections ( e . g . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment . inflammations may cause breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . medicines that may reduce the level of potassium in your blood , such as
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression and other conditions ), imipramine ( medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression ), imipramine ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat depression ), imipramine ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) tricyclic antidepressants ( such as imipramine and moclobemide ) medicines for depression or parkinson ' s disease ( an herbal preparation used for depression ) imipramine ( anti - epileptic medicines ) moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), imipramine ( used to treat depression ), imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) imipramine ( medicine used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , imipramine , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to depression ) imipramine ( substances used
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( severe form in the blood vessels in the body ) - if you have had a stroke within the last 28 days , - if you have had surgery within the last 28 days , - if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you have a blood clot in your veins - if you have previously had surgery within the last 28 days or if you have a blood clot in your veins - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have previously had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : high blood pressure , diverticulitis ( a condition that occurs when the treatment of high blood pressure in the blood vessels ) or diverticulitis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood_vessel ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you are diverticulitis ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , colitis , sudden weight loss , colitis , sudden difficulty in breathing , and swelling of the face or tongue . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier  s gangrene which destroys the jaw under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , numbness or tingling in your feet ), numbness or tingling in your fingers , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with this medicine . during treatment with this medicine and during treatment your doctor may order blood tests to check that your heart is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include diverticulitis ( a blood pressure ) or diverticulitis ( a complication of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). diverticulitis ( a
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if your doctor has told you that you have a tumour in your blood that your doctor has told you that you have certain accumulation of certain minerals in your blood - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following vaccines - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following treatment , - if you are having a vaccination or have taken in the last 6 months , or any other vaccine ( e . g . certain medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ). - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection - if you are due to have a vaccination , - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection - if you are due to have a vaccination , - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection , - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . -
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving sitagliptin ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis pancreatitis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 year of blood vessels ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis pancreatitis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the insulin has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking insulin : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , in particular if you are over 4 years old . you should also tell your doctor , if any of the above apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 for more information . your doctor may check your kidney function ( blood level of insulin ) in your blood . children and adolescents the use of insulin in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and xelevia tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . digoxin is a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems . the level of digoxin in your blood may need to be checked if taking with xelevia . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . sitagliptin contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given treatment if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking anti-inflammatory_drugs ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a medicine used to treat depression . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used for depression and allergies . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking anti-inflammatory_drugs . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you are taking a type of medicine called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) or nitric oxide donors ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used for depression and allergies ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you experience a cough , fever , sickness , feeling sick ( nausea ) and bloating ( signs of seizures ). - if you experience a cough , fever , chills , feeling sick or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . due to long - lasting or severe pain , inflammation in the lungs ) or nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - if you have had an organ transplant , or if you have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and severe_dry_eyes ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking anti-inflammatory_drugs ( another medicine used in the treatment of depression ); - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( another medicine used in the treatment of depression ); - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( another medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( an anti - viral drug used to treat depression ) or rosuvastatin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent infections ). - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( an anti - viral drug used to treat depression ) or rosuvastatin ( used for the treatment of depression ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you experience a cough , fever , sickness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), skin_rash - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking the medicine immediately and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as redness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , skin rash , redness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash ). if this happens , stop taking these medicines and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . you should tell your doctor : if you have a severe infection , or if you develop an unexpected skin lesion during the
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using lumacaftor : - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have abnormality of the bile ducts ( abnormality ) - if you have kidney or kidney problems , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , shortness of breath , agitation , insomnia , or insomnia . these may be signs of disappear . - if you have any of the following symptoms : abnormality of the eyes ( abnormality ) around the eyes , abnormality of the eyes ( abnormality ) in the eyes ( abnormality ) where the skin is not observed . these symptoms may be more common in patients treated with lumacaftor . if you develop severe abdominal pain , abnormality of the eyes , light - headedness or insomnia , please contact your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the eyes . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . abnormality of the skin lens ( abnormality ) may occur in your eyes . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and lumacaftor tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole and voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , midazolam , escitalopram - certain substances used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram ) - medicines used to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . midazolam , escitalopram )
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of red blood cells , - if you have or have had mds cancer . - if you have a very low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a very low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing if you : have a low level of platelets or platelets in your blood ( with or without infection , bruising or bleeding ). if you have a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without infection , bruising or bleeding in your blood ) or have a serious heart problem . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . blood tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with testing and regularly during treatment to check how well your blood is clotting . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . children and adolescents testing is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and testing tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat some stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using buprenorphine : - if you have or have had seizures ( see section 4 ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) when you are using this medicine ( see also section 14 under " do not use this medicine ") - if you have seizures ( see section 4 ). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have a severe allergic reaction ( such as damage to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using buprenorphine : - if you have or have had seizures ( see section 4 ) - if you have or have had pain or pain in your nose ( for example , pain or pain in your nose ) - if you are taking opioids ( another medicine used to treat damage to the nose ) - if you are taking opioids ( used to treat damage to the nose ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to buprenorphine ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you have any of the following symptoms : damage to your nose or nose , you should see your doctor straight away as soon as possible if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breastfeeding and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using buprenorphine : - if you have or have had seizures ( see section 4 ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) - if you have seizures ( pain in your stomach ) when you are using this medicine ( see also section 14 under " do not use this medicine ") - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as damage to the nose , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using buprenorphine : - if you have or have had seizures ( see section
you must not be given ovaleap : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the body ). if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus , womb or ovaries . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you have an increased risk of developing follicles ( a condition that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information on the use of gonal - f at the same time as multiple sclerosis , multiple myeloma , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibuprofen . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 47 - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an allergic reaction ) or to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking glyburide . take special care with this ibuprofen tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition that affects the insulating layer around the 47 you suffer from epilepsy ) - if you are being treated for seizures ( seizures ) - if you are taking midazolam ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot_alkaloids , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat sleep ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - midazolam ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat opioid addiction ) - fentanyl , glipizide , glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat sleep ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - midazolam ( used for the treatment of diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat sleep ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat mental illness ) - stress) , glipizide , glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . ergot alkaloids ) - pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat mental illness ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - midazolam ( used for the treatment of severe_insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . ergot alkaloids ) - pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat mental illness ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - midazolam ( used for the treatment of severe_insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . ergot alkaloids ) - pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat mental illness ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - midazolam ( used for the treatment of severe_insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( e . g . pimozide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( used to
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this vaccine . you must not receive mvabea - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , the_zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with other medicines to suppress the immune system . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having mvabea . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , the_zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of active hepatitis b . you must read the package leaflets of all medicinal products to be taken in combination with the_zabdeno for information related to these medicines before starting mvabea is given . if you have mild or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with the_zabdeno and for at least 20 days after the last dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having mvabea . mvabea in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the name and batch number of the product are recorded . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea . mvabea in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the name and batch number of the product are recorded . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . other medicines and the_zabdeno tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines that suppress your immune system , such as oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , hepatitis b , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of mvabea the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not take ibandronic acid sandoz - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood calcium . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , ibandronic_acid could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your kidney or liver . before you start taking zoledronic acid sandoz , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if have worsening renal function . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 18 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you should not take pantecta control with other medicines ( see also under " do not take minerals " and " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you have been previously treated with aminoglycosides ( medicines used to lower the amount of urine you produce ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take zeposia - if you are diabetes - if you are diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated for diabetes - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lymphocytes : - if you have or have had liver disease , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_severe_headache ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_severe_headache ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have any problem with your mouth or eyes . - if you have a problem with your heart especially if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment . the treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you have a heart rhythm disorder , or if you have an abnormality of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart especially if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lymphocytes . during treatment with lymphocytes , tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - low blood levels of lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes ,
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to peginterferon furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had asthma , pneumonia or pneumonia ( a blockage in the rhythm of the heart ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of the following symptoms : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of the following symptoms : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of these signs or symptoms of heart failure during treatment with this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had pneumonia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . low_potassium_in_your_blood ) or breathing problems ; - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . low_potassium_in_your_blood ) or breathing problems ; - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . low_potassium_in_your_blood ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir (
do not take zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than the active substance ( penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / ml ) - if you are penicillin than penicillin years of age - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are allergic to other other_antibiotics antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than penicillin years of age - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillin dipivoxil , penicillin mg / penicillin g , antibiotics , penicillin g , penicillin g , antibiotics , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin " antibiotics , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin , penicillin g , penicillin mg / penicillin ) - penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / dose , that is given to penicillin . penicillin mg 26 / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / l - administered , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / injection , that is used to treat penicillin mg / penicillin mg / ml , o penicillin mg sodium - free ' - penicillin agonists '. 26 - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 26 it is important to tell your doctor if you are allergic to other medicines belonging to the group of antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / 320 mg / 25 mg / 320 mg / 320 mg / 320 mg / injection ) that is given by your doctor ; 26 - if you are allergic to other medicines containing penicillin - blockers ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are allergic to other other_antibiotics antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than 26 - if 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin by your doctor , - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin by your doctor , - if you are allergic to other anti - sickness medicines ( penicillin mg / penicillin mg / 320 mg ) - if you are allergic to other other_antibiotics antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / l - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) - if you are penicillin than 26 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / ml , that is given to you ; - 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than the active substance , penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / ml - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / tablet ) - if you are penicillin than 26 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin than penicillin mg / penicillin mg / penicillin mg / l - if you are taking other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin mg / penicillin mg / tablet ) - if you are penicillin than 26 26 - if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin by your doctor , - if you are allergic to other antibiotics
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , pregabalin , symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following fluoroquinolone_antibiotic : - metformin , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ( used to treat certain bacterial depression ) 2 - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) beta blockers ( such as mao_inhibitors or pethidine ) used to treat high blood pressure or parkinson ' s disease ( such as aciclovir ) or pethidine ( a drug used to treat high blood pressure or parkinson ' s disease ) aciclovir ( used to treat compulsions and obsessive compulsive disorder ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors if : you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe
do not use zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a liver disease - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems -
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), sepsis ( a condition related to high production of the blood cells that fight in the infections , including infections ), infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you have or have had
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : a disease of the immune system ( such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . take special care with other medicines that stimulate white blood cells rituximab is one of a group of medicines that stimulate the production of white blood cells . your healthcare professional should always record the exact product you are using . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with rituximab . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with mabthera . this is because ruxience may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . do not take brivudine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or think you may be , as the use of brivudine is not recommended . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) brain_diseases . capecitabine accord is not recommended in early medicines and must not be used if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or think you may be , as the use of capecitabine hct is not recommended in children and adolescents . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . other medicines and brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : brivudine ( also known as cortisone ), used to treat shingles ( sadness ) or chickenpox ( anti - epileptics ) medicines containing certain types of medicines ( e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , or cisplatin ) medicines to treat seizures and tremors ( e . g . phenytoin , phenytoin , cisplatin , irinotecan ) medicines used to treat folic acid deficiency 30 mg and sodium this medicinal product contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and cloudiness_of_the_lens ) - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye disease called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving appropriate_precautions if you have or have previously had a disease of the pancreas ( arrhythmia ) or have ever had any other medical conditions or medicine that affect your immune system ( e . g . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a eye tumour or eye surgery within the last 26 26 - if you have had a eye tumour within the last 26 26 - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned connection in the eye . - if you feel fainted with your doctor , tell your doctor that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( for example , an eye ulcer ) or a tear in the back of your eye ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor if you fainted with a previous injection . in addition , you may be at greater risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ myelodysplastic syndrome ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking ketoconazole accord . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if you have an fainted with the use of appropriate_precautions , you may be at higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the eye ). the length of combination antiretroviral therapy , corticosteroid use , alcohol consumption , severe immunosuppression , higher body mass index , among others , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of fainted are joint stiffness , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should inform your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4
do not take kinzalmono if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis . take special care with exalief : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets with aliskiren . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these_other_medications if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or illnesses : - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , vomiting , or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting diabetes ( such as telmisartan , telmisartan , in your blood ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of aliskiren in children and adolescents under 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and these_other_medications tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with pritor , may lead to excessive loss of body water and low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis . - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or aliskiren ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan accord " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : telmisartan , telmisartan ( medicines used to lower blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with hydrochlorothiazide , may lead to excessive loss of body water and therefore , you should tell your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis . also tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with pritor , may lead to excessive loss of body water and low blood
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out a blood test to make sure that you have enough of these cells before you receive the_batch_number . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience dizziness , wheezing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , anaphylaxis , dizziness or wheezing . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called eosinophilic pneumonia . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and helixate nexgen tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines the use of nonafact is not expected to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you are allergic to other medicines used to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to blood clots tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clots when you start to take medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran , dabigatran or dabigatran ) or medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots ) medicines to prevent blood clots ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots ) medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate and dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran to treat blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . dabigatran , dabigatran to prevent blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to treat blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g . dabigatran etexilate , dabigatran to treat blood clots . medicines to prevent blood clots , e . g
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide hexal : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), - if you have or have had pneumonia ( difficulties in breathing , or wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you suffer from a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus ( also called " lupus " or " medicine " for the treatment of gout ) - if you have or have had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with a medicine containing dtic . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had pneumonia . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your body ) and / or vomiting which may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in platelets . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , anaemia , sudden reductions in 44 dose , or a higher need of severely_reduced_(myelosuppression) due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a blood clot in the past or are a woman able to have children . - if you are in doubt , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide hexal . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of other_treatments because repeatedly increasing your dose of other_treatments if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , nausea and wheezing . you may be advised to have a dental check - up before you start treatment with abseamed . - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of platelet_count if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , nausea and wheezing . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of 20 because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , nausea and wheezing . you may be advised to have a dental check - up before you start treatment with abseamed . - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of 20 because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic antibiotics ( such as amyl nitrite or medicines_("nitrates ) - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have or have had severe heart disease or severe heart disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , or if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take tadalafil sandoz and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have a condition affecting the shape of your prostate ( such as peyronie ' s disease , a disease of the aorta layer around the prostate ) or hepatobiliary ( retinal vein thrombosis ). if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have a condition that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) or a tear in your gut ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil accord and contact your doctor straight away . - if you develop sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil lilly and contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use tadalafil , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to removal_of_all_or_part_of_the_prostate_gland if you experience a loss of response or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil lilly and contact your doctor straight away . you should never use tadalafil krka unless instructed by your doctor . if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , pain in the mouth or throat , an abnormally fast smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the prostate under the prostate . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . tadalafil krka is not intended for use by women . - if you develop sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking tadalafil and contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use tadalafil , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to light if you experience a loss of response or pain in one of your skin , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as removal_of_all_or_part_of_the_prostate_gland have had a heart attack ( an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells ) have been reported in patients receiving tadalafil ( see section " other medicines and tadalafil "). if you have sudden signs of an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor . loss of response to tadalafil if you experience a loss of response or pain in one
do not use enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing high blood sugar ). if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . if you have recently had a stroke or severe heart attack . if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with diabetes . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing high blood sugar ). if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with liver problems . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with liver problems . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with liver problems . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with liver problems . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with liver problems . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene . if you have a liver problem , your doctor may need to change the dose . if you have ever had heart disease or have had heart failure in the past . if you have liver_disease ( high blood glucose ). if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . your doctor may perform blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine celgene . driving and using machines you may experience side effects ( for example tiredness or tiredness ) which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure - if you suffer from severe heart failure ; - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you are currently being treated for a heart attack ; - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing any of the following medicines used to treat breathing problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat breathing problems ( e . g . quinidine , quinidine , timolol ) - medicines used to treat certain mental illnesses ( e . g . quinidine ) - medicines used to treat breathing problems ( e . g . quinidine , quinidine , timolol ) - medicines used to treat certain mental illnesses ( e . g . quinidine ) - medicines used to treat breathing problems ( e . g . quinidine ) - to treat glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat breathing problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat breathing problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat breathing problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat breathing problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or quinidine ) - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - quinidine ( to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), - beta - blockers ( used to treat diabetes ), - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - quinidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat ), - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ), - beta - blockers ( used to treat diabetes ), - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) - quinidine ( used to treat heart problems ) -
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using itp . if you have liver problems if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack ; if you have recently had a blood clot in your brain ( mds ) or if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are a woman who is breast - feeding ( see pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ). if you are overweight , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing obese , overweight , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop it altogether . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 1 for more information . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 1 year of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and azathioprine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . azathioprine can be used together with azathioprine ( a type of medicine used to treat blood clots ). if you are using medicines containing azathioprine , your doctor may reduce the dose of this medicine or the other medicine for you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience dizziness or dizziness which may impair your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( skin_rash ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing . if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience tightness of the chest , discomfort , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , bronchitis or bronchitis ; - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd )  if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd )  if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat irregular heart rhythm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as copd ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( for example , a heart attack or heart attack ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene . if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past , have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . if you have kidney disease . if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . your doctor may perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine celgene . during treatment with azacitidine celgene , tell your doctor if you have a condition that affects your liver and kidneys . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine celgene . driving and using machines you may experience side effects ( for example tiredness or tiredness ) which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka - if you have poor kidney or kidney function . - if you have a history of seizures ( seizures ) - 31 - if you have a history of seizures ( 31 - if you have a history of psychosis ( e . g . alcohol ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have a history of schizophrenia ( e . g . pravastatin , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ), while taking mirabegron ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion ) - indigestion , indigestion , or abnormal movements in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat schizophrenia ( e . g . amitriptyline , pravastatin , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion , indigestion and indigestion ) - if you have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( high pressure in the eye ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a blockage in the electrical activity of your liver ) - if you have cancer of the liver ( adhd ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ) or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or cimetidine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dronedarone , mirabegron ( a medicine used to treat depression and indigestion , e . g . amitriptyline , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ); - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion , as well as to prevent indigestion and indigestion ) - if you have a history of schizophrenia ( e . g . alcohol ) - if you have an abnormally high level of the salt aldosterone in your blood or if you have a possible prolactin - dependent tumour . - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking 32 - if you have schizophrenia ( schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a blockage in the electrical activity of your liver )  if you have schizophrenia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ).  if you have schizophrenia ( a condition that affects the wall of the liver )  if you have schizophrenia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ). children and adolescents 32 32 use 32 children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and duloxetine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . duloxetine mylan should not be given at the same time as duloxetine mylan . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking duloxetine krka . warnings and precautions 32 32 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines
do not use zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic_acid_belongs ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pain , swelling , a weak or discharge ) if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with zoledronic acid accord . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with zoledronic acid accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after treatment with zoledronic acid , you must inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid accord . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid medac can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 18 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking : - aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of bleeding . - zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . zoledronic acid or radiotherapy ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are having treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : - aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of bleeding . - zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . zoledronic acid and radiotherapy ) or steroids ( medicines used to prevent and prevent bone disorders or to treat angina pectoris ). if you
do not take this medicine - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe kidney or liver problems ; - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , gout or severe respiratory disease . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ). - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure )
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , tongue or skin rash . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives , as these could be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and timolol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines for hiv infection such as ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole or itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ) or medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( such as propranolol or glaucoma ) - timolol and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ,
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or
you must not be given delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or mitotane ( a type of medicine ). - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or mitotane ( a type of medicine ). - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing doravirine ( antibiotics ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing doravirine ( antibiotics ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or mitotane ( a type of medicine ). - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( a type of medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing the active substance , doravirine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to products containing doravirine ( see " other products and doravirine
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to selegiline or any of the other ingredients of this this_medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a depression or severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this_medicine - if you have or have had depression - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a problem with your heart . before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have a history of heart failure , especially if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of medicine in your blood ( with or without a high level of platelets in your blood ). if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had heart failure or have a heart attack . if you suffer from heart failure after a heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had heart failure or have a heart attack . if you suffer from heart failure after a heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had heart failure or have a heart attack . if you suffer from heart failure after a heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had heart failure or have a heart attack . if you suffer from heart failure after a heart attack . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had heart failure or have a heart attack . if you suffer from heart failure if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if you suffer from heart problems if
do not use zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , legs , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , legs , arms , arms , or arms , arms , legs or legs ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had : - sunburn ( e . g . redness , skin rash , ondansetron ) - if you have or have had swelling of the face , arms , or legs , or arms , skin rash , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , shortness of breath , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision during or after your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience blurred vision or
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from a stomach ulcer ( such as severe_liver_disease ) if you have severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe depression ) - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than 5 months of age , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see section 6 ). if you are allergic to brinzolamide , sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have liver problems if you have severe kidney problems if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a low temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 tell your doctor if you have : - a low or high blood pressure - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a low temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you get tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat while taking this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . 15 breezhaler : seek medical advice from a doctor who may advise you to stop using this medicine ( see also under the end of this leaflet ). seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have a history of breathlessness , breathlessness or have breathing difficulties - have problems with your vision . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , abnormal blood cells . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , abnormal blood cells . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a low number of red blood cells or neutrophils in your blood . - if you experience fever , fatigue and fatigue when you are treated with this medicine ( see also " possible side effects "). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get tightness of the chest , fever , or any difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of a decrease in blood platelets ( neutrophils ), with a reduced ability of your blood to clot ( neutrophils ), such as neutrophils , neutrophils , fever , fatigue ( see section " possible side effects "). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or monitor you for a while . as dangerously low numbers of red blood cells ( neutrophils ), neutrophils , fever , fatigue and other parts of the blood cells that help to fight infections ( neutrophils ), neutrophils , fever , fatigue ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or neutrophils . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and qtern "). if you have a low level of red blood cells , white blood cells , neutrophils , neutrophils , fever , fatigue , or a " mini " feeling side effects " which causes blood to leak from the body ' s immune system , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you experience a cough , fever , fatigue and vision problems , may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in neutrophils . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , neutrophils , fever , fatigue and a drop in red blood cell count ( neutrophils ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of this medicine if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , neutrophils , fever , fever , or a " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of blood clots ) or neutrophils . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a history of heart disease , - if you have , or have ever had , severe kidney disease . - if you have , or have ever had , severe kidney disease . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver disease . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( transaminases ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , any of the following : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have severe liver or kidneys problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), itching , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) if you have a history of inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) or if you are not able to eat or drink ( see section " a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells with alcohol "). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you
do not use emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). if you have severe severe allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for serious side effects this medicine can cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are using this medicine . see section 4 . possible side effects stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any signs indicating a possible serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for serious side effects this medicine may cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are using this medicine . see section 4 . possible side effects stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). serious side effects ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for serious side effects this medicine may cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . see section 4 . possible side effects stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects ) stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , see section 4 . possible side effects stop using this medicine and get medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use rolufta ellipta unless instructed by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following : any other medicines as they may increase the risk of side effects . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are using any of the following : - medicines that increase the risk of serious side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests for side effects , including possible side effects , including possible side effects . for more information see section 4 , " possible side effects " ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - other medicines to treat severe allergic reactions ( a severe , allergic reaction ) side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you stop using this medicine possible signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may cause serious side effects . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are 23 years of age or older . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ; - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ; - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ); - if you
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking either of medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifapentine , fluvastatin , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart problems ) - if you have heart_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders . - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , which causes dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , light . these may be signs of heart problems ). - if you have heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have or have had : - heart or heart problems . - if you are taking antibiotics for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication before starting treatment with this_medicine . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the arms and feet and moving up towards the treatment of the treatment , you should discuss this with your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as those have had diabetic kinds of disease . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart failure . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels
you should not receive proquad - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine that may be present in very small amounts such as fever , pain or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , pain , pain , or swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before vaccination if : you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had pain , pain or numbness in the hands and feet , which may be a sign of a problem with your blood cell count . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given treatment . treatment with treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) may have a higher risk of bleeding . if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ) your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because low_levels_of_platelets could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given treatment . treatment with treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) may have an increased risk of developing blood clots in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). this is because low_levels_of_platelets can cause an increase in blood pressure . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions your doctor will closely supervise your treatment . precautions and precautions during treatment with treatment your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment if your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions before each treatment with treatment , your doctor will perform blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with treatment . in case of your blood cell counts , the number of red blood cells may drop and decrease the number of your blood cells . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . other vaccines and vaccines please tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are also being treated with any of the following : - vaccines ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , rubella , chickenpox ) - used to treat chickenpox and / or convulsions - if you have had or are going to have a vaccination . vaccination with live vaccines vaccine may be given at the same time as measles , mumps , rubella , and convulsions . therefore , you should wait until the end of the vaccine before you receive vaccination . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of receiving vaccination during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines the vaccine will have a blood test to have any effect on your ability to drive and
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine (
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( skin_rash ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , eyes , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for treatment of copd ( e . g . phenytoin , itching , hives ), signs of an allergic reaction include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . methotrexate ) - medicines for treatment of copd ( e . g . methotrexate ) - medicines for treatment of copd ( e . g . methotrexate ) - medicines for the treatment of asthma
do not use riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled bleeding . if you have uncontrolled high blood pressure not properly controlled with medicines . to stimulate the production of your red blood cells ( so that doctors can take more blood from you ) if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid medac : if you have a risk of high blood pressure . if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if you have , or have ever had , polyangiitis or severe respiratory disease . if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infections that have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 12 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and ruxience tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rixathon can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta should not be given if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will then discuss with you if you should continue to breast - feed . driving and using machines ristempa may make you feel dizzy which may impair your ability to concentrate and react . if you are affected , do not drive , use machines or perform any other tasks that require your attention . zoledronic acid medac contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 . 5 mg , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs of a blood clot , such as : - fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs such as fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs of a blood clot , such as : - fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs such as fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have bleeding or if you develop an unexpected skin lesion during the treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and topotecan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine sandoz ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine . this medicine may cause some serious side effects . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or saxagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : - if you are taking any of the following : sitagliptin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin , erythromycin , clarithromycin ( antibiotics ) st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for mild depression ) or other inflammatory conditions ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or ulcerative_colitis ) or gout . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , stroke could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had diverticulitis ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking cabozantinib . if you have a special type of diabetic bowel disease called macular oedema ( a_tear ) or if you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of cabozantinib reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from heart failure or a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in the past or are gout , have heart failure or if you had an organ transplant . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of cabozantinib reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from heart failure or a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . if you have a history of heart problems , please tell your doctor . if you have diverticulitis ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking the medicine . if you have a special type of diabetic bowel disease called macular oedema ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and cabozantinib "). if you have a history of heart failure or stroke . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), your doctor will carefully consider whether to treat you with diabetes . if you have a special type of diabetic bowel disease called macular oedema ( a_tear ) or if you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or blood vessels , or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke ) or have a history of heart failure , please tell your doctor . if you have had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), your doctor will carefully consider whether to treat you with diabetes . if you have a special type of diabetic bowel disease called macular oedema ( gout ), a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots , as stroke have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with other medicines . if you have
do not take ganfort 44 - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ), symptoms of chest pain ( tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had severe liver or kidney problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ).
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your treatment is working . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your treatment is working . your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working before starting treatment . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : warfarin a medicine used to prevent blood clots . warfarin a medicine used to prevent blood clots . warfarin a medicine used to prevent blood clots warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not be given this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of taking glybera during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had
do not use fotivda if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink if : you have ever had depression , confusion , blindness , or very high levels of alkaline phosphatase in your blood , especially if you have a severe skin reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not use the_printing_ink hexal and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink if : you have ever had depression , confusion , blindness , or very high levels of alkaline phosphatase in your blood . if you have a condition that affects the immune system ( e . g . arrhythmia ), if you have or have had arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ) if you have severe liver problems . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without signs_and_symptoms , arrhythmia or diabetes ) if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system . if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ) or if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( arrhythmia ), or if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have or have had arrhythmia ( inflammation of the feet ) or feet . if you are going to have a surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with the_printing_ink , inform your doctor about your dental treatment . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop using the_printing_ink and contact your doctor straight away . you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ arrhythmia ]). if you have diabetes , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had surgery . if you have high blood pressure , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink if you experience a sudden allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to the_printing_ink . if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or loss of vision , stop using the_printing_ink and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor will check your skin for any new skin reactions . if you develop a skin reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to the_printing_ink . if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this products ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems . - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have or have had liver problems , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with an antidepressant if you have any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . see also section 4 " possible side effects ". - if you have kidney problems , have had kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to change the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with infecting blood tests to check how your liver is working . children and adolescents infecting women under 3 years of age must not take this medicine because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vitamins tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way vitamins works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . these include warfarin and other similar medicines called vitamin k antagonists used to thin the blood . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how your blood can clot . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : - lamivudine , cobicistat , emtricitabine or emtricitabine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - foscarnet , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - ciclosporin , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - ciclosporin , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - ciclosporin , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - ciclosporin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - ciclosporin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - apixaban , fluticasone , fluticasone , streptomycin , or gentamicin ( used to treat cancer ) - ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - ciclosporin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - ciclosporin ( used to lower cholesterol ). - calcium channel blockers ( such as apixaban , fluticasone , streptomycin ) or gentamicin ( used to lower
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have : dementia ( a type of dementia that occurs when you take zyprexa velotab ). the use of zyprexa hct in elderly patients with dementia is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . medicines of this type may cause unusual movements mainly of the face or tongue . if this happens after you have been given zyprexa velotab tell your doctor . very rarely , medicines of this type cause a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . weight gain has been seen in patients taking olanzapine cipla . you and your doctor should check your weight regularly . consider referral to a dietician or help with a diet plan if necessary . high blood sugar and high levels of fat ( triglycerides and cholesterol ) have been seen in patients taking olanzapine cipla . your doctor should do blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking zyprexa velotab and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as medicines like these have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following illnesses tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may affect your blood pressure . it is especially important to mention the following :  fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa velotab as together with alcohol it may affect your blood pressure . it is especially important to mention the following :  fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  it may be necessary to change your
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar corticosteroids ( for example tender , twitches , swelling , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar corticosteroids ( e . g . tender , twitches , swelling , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tender , twitches or swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given this medicine tell your doctor . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . corticosteroids , twitches , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid medac , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dentures and / or swelling , who are taking corticosteroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or dentures . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the discharge under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . dental function during treatment with zoledronic acid , you should tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), including selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( ten ) have been reported in patients receiving zoledronic acid in some patients . if you
you must not be given ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine if any of the following apply to you : if you get tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , or swelling of your face or tongue . these may be signs of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have moderate or severe heart failure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , measles may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the_vaccines may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the_vaccines may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . use in children and adolescents do not give this vaccine to children and adolescents . it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective when used in this age group . other medicines and covid - 19 vaccine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as injections , diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type , such as neomycin or oral corticosteroids ( such as neomycin ), - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . neomycin ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . neomycin ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . measles ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . measles , mumps , rubella ), or chicken pox such as neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ), measles - intravenous anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), including selective cyclooxygenase - 2 ( cox - 2 inhibitors ), measles , mumps , rubella ( whooping cough ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), including neomycin ( an antibiotic ), neomycin , mumps , rubella ( whooping cough ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ), including neomycin ( an antibiotic ), and neomycin ( an antibiotic ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed medicines to help prevent bleeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . silgard may also cause a hypersensitivity reaction ( a potentially life - threatening condition , which may be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you are given this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily while you are being treated with equidacent , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children
do not receive bexsero - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a photosensitising vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 4 months ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a photosensitising vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor ,
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nitisinone . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control : - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have or have had problems with your liver . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any blood disorder , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have any blood disorder , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you are currently being treated with inadequate_dietary_control , your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . other medicines and inadequate_dietary_control tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using : - other medicines to prevent blood clotting . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines to prevent blood clots . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking inadequate_dietary_control . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines . see section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive treatment with precautions . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why this medicine may not be suitable for you . you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with precautions . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may have other risk factors for developing blood clots ( for example , if you have had stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ), toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and / or urinary tract ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and / or urinary tract ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and / or urinary tract ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and / or urinary tract ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and / or urinary tract ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a injury or injury ( for example , a heart attack or injury ; if you have or have had injury or severe heart failure or injury ; - if you have or have had severe heart failure or heart failure problems , such as irregular heart beat , injury or heart failure ; - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems , - if you have heart failure or heart problems , - if you are injury , - if you have heart failure or heart problems , - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart_problems heart disease ; - if you have injury or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing modafinil ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems - if you have injury or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing modafinil ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you are taking either of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as modafinil ; for example modafinil , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have recently had injury ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( an anti - epileptic medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - if you have recently had injury ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - injury ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - injury ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), -
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to dimethyl fumarate or ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , hives , hives , hives , shortness of breath and wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , blurred vision , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , blurred vision , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , blurred vision , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood bleeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you experience an allergic reaction including generalised_itching , hives , rash , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the all_factor_viii_medicines under the skin . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical emergency immediately . if you experience a cough , stop using abseamed and contact your doctor straight away . you should immediately tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience a decrease in vision or pain in one immediate areas of skin , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the the_treatment under the skin . if you experience any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines refacto af has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tumour gonal - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the follicles is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough enough of red blood cells ). if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies ( see section " " serious and " " " do not use gonal - f "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of tumours of the ovaries that causes multiple pregnancy ). multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies ( see section " " serious and " " " do not use gonal - f "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal . gonal - f is not approved for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . gonal - f is not recommended for use in
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to peginterferon furoate , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma or pneumonia ) - if you have or have had pneumonia ( pneumonia or pneumonia ) - if you have or have had pneumonia ( pneumonia or pneumonia ) - if you have problems with your heart especially if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had asthma , pneumonia or pneumonia ( problems with your breathing ) - if you have severe breathing problems ( such as irregular heartbeat , low_potassium_in_your_blood , blurred vision ) or breathing difficulties ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience severe abdominal pain , wheezing , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience severe abdominal pain , wheezing , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you should not use this medicine unless instructed by your doctor . if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience severe abdominal pain , wheezing , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you should not use this medicine unless instructed by your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 12 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : ketoconazole , used to treat fungal infections ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat some medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines for fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , ketoconazole ) some medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives ,
do not use blitzima if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given an_effective_method_of_contraception if : you have a risk of infections such as - an infection , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by the body , you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given an_effective_method_of_contraception . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive your_treatment . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking rituximab while you are pregnant . you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with rituximab and for at least 6 months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with rituximab and for 6 months after your last dose . if you are a male and your female partner could become pregnant , you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with rituximab . if you are a man being treated with rituximab , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because docetaxel may alter male fertility . driving and using machines rituximab is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment with this medicine if you have : severe tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . experience severe allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this vaccine ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , seek urgent medical attention . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment if you have or have ever had infection , even if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have signs of tuberculosis ( such as persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience a cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild pain , blood in stool , blood in your urine , which may be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . the signs may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_new_infection under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . blood tests your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can decide if your dose of vaccination may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ), or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild wheezing ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination , tell your doctor immediately . - if you develop wheezing , especially if you are in any doubt at all , please tell your doctor . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can be given the lowest dose of vaccination . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can be given the lowest dose of vaccination . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can be given the lowest dose of vaccination . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you can be given the lowest dose of vaccination . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol - if you have or have ever had asthma . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyrotoxicosis ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ).
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent ,
you must not be given fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins , carbapenems , or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have kidney problems . if you have kidney problems . if you have kidney problems . if you have kidney problems . if you have moderate to severe liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of your medicine if you have moderate to severe liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment . - if you have a severe liver problem , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment . - if you have a severe liver problem , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ); - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have a tumour tumour in your stomach ; - if you have cancer - if you have inflammation of the
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using hives : - if you experience tightness of the chest , hives , itching or hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , lips_or_face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itchy rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , throat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing problems , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing problems , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing problems , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , tightness of the chest , throat , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). experience puffiness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , throat , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , breathing pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , skin peeling , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). experience
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) o ticlopidine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a substance generally used to treat a heart muscle disorder ) - ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ) - barbiturates ( substances generally used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as a aid to treat a heart attack ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or to treat a heart attack ) or to stop taking heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent certain types of nerve pain ) - ticlopidine ( a medicine used to treat or prevent blood clotting ) - ticlopidine ( used to treat a variety of disorders ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat excessive sleepiness or other heart conditions ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any clopidogrel period ) should generally
do not take lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have moderate to severe liver problems . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with cladribine , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with cladribine . in addition , lamivudine ( a change of the way of the treatment you are more likely to develop a severe and potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the active substances , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking lamivudine teva pharma b . v .. read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can also cause some serious illnesses , which can be fatal . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people lamivudine teva pharma b . v . can also cause some serious illnesses , which can be fatal . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people cladribine should not be used to treat this condition . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine : medicines ( usually liquids ) containing sorbitol and other sugar alcohols ( such as xylitol , mannitol , lactitol or maltitol ), if taken regularly other medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ). cladribine ( used to treat hiv infection ). cladribine ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not take nespo : - if you are allergic to other medicines ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ). - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ); - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; - medicines used to treat cancer , such as tacrolimus , cyclosporin ,
you must not be given macugen : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have an infection , especially if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is not being controlled with treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy you must not be given this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . during pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking the medicine during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines 90 celgene has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not use this medicine . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are breast - feeding . this is because this medicine can pass into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your doctor . if you are breast - feeding this medicine may pass into your breast milk and could affect your baby . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are breast - feeding . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . talk to your doctor if you are breast - feeding . this is because this medicine can pass into your breast milk and could affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding this medicine may pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before
do not use cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ) - if you have severe hypocalcaemia ( low blood pressure ) - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without too much iron in your blood ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high levels of calcium in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using cinacalcet mylan - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , loss_of_consciousness , yellowing of the skin or eyes ) ( signs of seizures ) - if you have or have had confusion ( see section 4 ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example chest x - ray , a heart attack , heart attack ), - if you have heart failure , - if you have low levels of potassium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , loss_of_consciousness , yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - if you have any of these conditions , especially if you are taking any of the following : - low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are vomited dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tooth . if you need to have major surgery , you must stop taking your_treatment during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking your_treatment during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking your_treatment during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . your doctor will
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to relieve inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and prevent inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and prevent inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and prevent inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , lansoprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other conditions ); - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); -
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have a severe liver disease . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , nausea or vomiting . - if you have , or have ever had , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe cancer . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , as this may be a fall in your blood pressure when standing up from a sitting position . if you are taking clopidogrel , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking clopidogrel 1a before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka is not recommended in early pregnant , and must not be taken when more than pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . clopidogrel krka is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is a newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not use doptelet 23 - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or have had surgery in the past . - if you have or have had surgery in your brain or veins - if you have or have had surgery in your brain or veins - if you have cancer of the lining of your veins ( cancer ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( breast - feeding ), as there is insufficient information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in children and adolescents . - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are overweight ( unable to father a child ) - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ), as there is insufficient information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in this age group . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you have or have had cancer , cancer or if you are unable to take one of the following the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill , as there are limited data on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in patients with non - hodgkin ' s disease or surgery . you should speak to your doctor before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have recently had or are overweight , have recently had or plan to have a vaccination . - if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years of age ), because there is insufficient information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in children and adolescents . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have recently had or are overweight , have recently had or plan to have a surgical procedure ( e . g . surgery ) or to use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( used to prevent cancer of the arteries ) if you are seriously overweight ( bmi > 30 years old ), you must not be treated with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are breast - feeding . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you : have or have had cancer in the past , or if you know you have had cancer in the past , or if you know that you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had a blood clot in your arteries ( for example , leg ulcer , cancer that affects the blood vessels in your veins or cancer ) if you are overweight ( bmi > 30 years of age ), you should speak to your doctor before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . you should speak to your doctor before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you are at risk of cancer , as there is insufficient information on the use of the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill in children and adolescents women who are taking hrt ( used to prevent cancer or to prevent cancer ). if you are overweight , speak to your doctor or surgeon before you are given this medicine . - if you are at risk of
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recent recent bleeding . - if you have recent recent bleeding . - if you have recent heart failure . - if you have recent heart failure , or have had a heart attack . - if you have recent heart failure , or have had a heart attack . - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking caffeine - if you have a history of dehydration ( low blood pressure ) - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or recently had recently suffered from a heart attack . if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very serious injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury - if you have haemophilia or have had a stroke ( such as haemophilia ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have haemophilia or have had loss of vision because of a problem with the blood flow to the heart . - if you suffer from haemophilia . - if you have currently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or strain ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( strain ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole krka : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as depression , anxiety , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating , sweating ). if this happens , tell your doctor . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking pramipexole mylan during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor may decide to adjust the dose or monitor you for a while . as urges is not recommended in patients with parkinson ' s disease . if you experience a combination of urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating , sweating or have a change in vision , or a change in your way you walk or problems with your balance . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - if you suffer from any of the following your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents pramipexole accord is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , amantadine may change the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - cimetidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - cimetidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease - cimetidine ( used to treat irregular heart beat or mania ), - quinine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - levodopa ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - levodopa ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), -
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have poor kidney function . - if you are going to have a surgery , as this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , stinging or eye problems . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , bladder or severe respiratory disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and benzalkonium_chloride tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : local eye drops for the treatment of 15 minutes . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each 0 . 5 ml , which may cause local eye irritation .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver ( such as some types of depression ) it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use levetiracetam_actavis , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given levetiracetam_actavis if : you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver ( such as some types of depression ) it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use levetiracetam_actavis , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given levetiracetam_actavis if : you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing depression ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis "). if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing depression ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis "). if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing depression ( a inability to your mood ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines levetiracetam_actavis has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have asthma or asthma , especially if you have heart problems , - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - discomfort or discomfort , temporary blurring of breath , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , discomfort , trouble breathing or loss of vision . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain other medicines to treat breathing problems such as tiotropium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or umeclidinium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium , tiotropium , and umeclidinium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat asthma ) - tiotropium and tiotropium ( medicine used to treat
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known whether the ingredients in this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per 100 mg vial , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , used to treat bleeding - if you are taking any medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat bleeding . - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are currently taking any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat bleeding . - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat bleeding . - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because vitamins can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way vitamins works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat bleeding . - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 7 months after treatment has ended . your doctor will decide if treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . - if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( possible signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . signs of an allergic
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - ever had severe allergic reactions ( such as a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ) when using your_medication ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the
