do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : 56 - if you have or have had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had heart failure or coronary artery disease , including antiarrhythmics ( e . g . pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ) - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you have heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking pimozide , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil - if you have heart rhythm problems - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if
follow all your doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take zinbryta - if you are blood_tests to treatment or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in these cases , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and supplements tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as supplements ( medicines used to treat depression , e . g . st . john ' s wort ). some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . if you are taking any of
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you are going to have an operation , please tell your doctor . - if you are taking other iron containing iron supplements , e . g . iron , zinc , zinc , zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , zinc , or zinc . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . you must tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as with any other iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc and zinc . if you are allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - vitamin k antagonists such as iron , zinc , zinc , zinc or zinc if you have allergic_reactions ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are going to have an operation , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - vitamin d supplements ( e . g . iron , zinc , zinc , zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , such as iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc , zinc or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or zinc ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed below . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , iron , zinc , zinc , zinc or allergic_reactions ( antibiotics ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - alpha - antagonists ( e . g . iron , zinc , zinc , zinc ). if you are already taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . driving and using machines arsenic trioxide accord is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to tenofovir_alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat some infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of tenofovir_alafenamide may need to be changed if you take : azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - iron supplements or iron supplements . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - azithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat certain infections ) - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety - if you are taking any of these , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tenofovir_alafenamide : - rifabutin , clarithromycin ( used to treat some infections ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and / or anxiety - if you are taking any of these medicines , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tenofovir_alafenamide : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following medicines : - iron supplements , such as iron . - medicines that increase the amount of iron in your blood , such as iron , potassium supplements , salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and iron supplements . - iron supplements . - medicines that increase the amount of iron in your blood , such as iron , potassium supplements , potassium supplements , salt substitutes containing iron , potassium - sparing medicines and iron supplements . - medicines that increase the amount of iron in your blood , such as iron , potassium supplements , potassium supplements , salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and iron supplements . iron supplements and iron supplements at the same time should be avoided . - rifabutin , clarithromycin , oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following : iron supplements or iron supplements . iron supplements with food and drink iron supplements can be taken with or without food . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you take : iron supplements or salt substitutes containing iron , potassium - sparing iron , iron supplements and iron supplements . iron supplements and iron supplements at the same time should be avoided . rifabutin , clarithromycin , and oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tenofovir_alafenamide : rifabutin , clarithromycin or oxcarbazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) if you have recently had a heart attack or infection . if you have recently had a heart attack or infection . if you have recently had a heart attack or infection . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have recently had a stroke . if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or if you are over 18 years of age . if you are over 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor . if you are over 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are older than 18 years of age , you may be more likely to get low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking deferasirox mylan and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - mouth ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe drowsiness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for insulin ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling , you will need a blood sample taken to check your liver function . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 18 years your blood sugar may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type 1 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with repaglinide krka may have a higher risk of excessive anaemia ( hyperglycaemia ) ( see section " warning and precautions "). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . symptoms of
you should not receive flucelvax tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin ( signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving covid - 19 vaccine moderna if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are unsure about any of the following : any other vaccine : - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines some side effects listed in section 4 . " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have poor liver function - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you have liver or liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you have liver or liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your liver - if you are currently taking other medicines that affect the production of potassium in your blood ( e . g . potassium ) - if you are taking other medicines that affect the production of potassium in your blood ( e . g . potassium ) - if you are taking other medicines that affect the production of potassium in your blood ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , glucocorticoids , inflammation ) 28 - other medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) 28 28 28 − medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine this medicine contains 28 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each vial . this is equivalent to 0 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm : - if you have ever had a heart attack or have ever had any of the following : - low blood platelet counts ( platelets ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have ever had liver disease , your doctor will closely supervise your treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because imatinib accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending ,
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , especially if you have or have ever had : - a heart attack . - if you suffer from severe breathing difficulties - if you have difficulty passing urine , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . - if you have sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe discomfort , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get a decrease in vision or eye pain . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the spleen ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in " cardiovascular syndrome " in section 4 . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your left treatment .
you should not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have had symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fever , cough , feeling sick , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red red , warm , warm , red or hot red , warm , red or hot red , warm or red sensation . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . you should not receive this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines flixabi has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe liver disease - if you have uncontrolled heart failure or have had bleeding in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in your brain . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , uncontrolled high blood pressure , hypotension , persistent_cough , dizziness , fainting ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin , heparin ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin , heparin ), heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin , heparin ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin , heparin , or heparin to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin , heparin ( signs of an allergic reaction ), such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin or heparin , if you have or have had severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin or heparin , if you have or have had severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin or heparin , if you have or have had severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin or heparin ( high blood pressure ) - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin ), heparin or heparin , if you have any of the following : - an allergic reaction ( such as rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash ) - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or heparin , or heparin to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat .
do not take onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have high blood sugar ( glucose - 6 - phosphate ) - if you have angina ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have angina ( low blood count ), - if you have glucose - headedness ( low blood count ), - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low blood count ), - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have anaemia ( low level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells , such as glucose - headedness , or low blood platelet count ( glucose ), - if you have a low level of red blood cells ( glucose , anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells , or a low number of glucose in your blood . - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( with or without anaemia ) - if you have a low level of red
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe lung disease such as myocarditis or myocarditis . - if you have or have had myocarditis ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have or have had myocarditis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have very low numbers of red or white cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching and skin rash ) - if you have severe breathing problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab ahcl : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) or have had melanoma , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the pituitary under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include inflammation of the face , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , rash , itching and skin rash . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the pituitary under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include inflammation of the face , lips , itching , tongue or other parts of the eye , skin rash , rash , itching and skin rash . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the pituitary under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop a serious rash or another of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and seek medical advice immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using nivolumab cipla until your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eye is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eye is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may need to treat you more closely for you and may also have a blood test , to check that your heart is working normally before and during your treatment with equidacent treatment . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and enlargement of the eye ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given nivolumab cipla . your doctor may need to treat you more closely . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor may recommend that you stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to have blood tests to check that your liver is working normally before and during your treatment with this medicine . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and nivolumab bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some stomach disorders , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to many_medicines or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to many_medicines or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to the active substance or any of the other medicines listed in section 4 ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any
do not take tacforius : if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . transplant_rejection , clarithromycin , josamycin , the_corticosteroids_prednisolone ) - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking nefazodone ( a type of medicine also known as erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ); - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders - if you are taking nefazodone ( used to treat depression ), diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - if you have hypertension ( high blood pressure ), hypertension , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( high blood pressure ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders - if you have heart failure , hypertension , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( high blood pressure ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders - arrhythmia ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one of the your_vision ) - if you suffer from blurred vision - if you suffer from blurred vision - if you suffer from blurred vision - if you suffer from blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . -
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole , heparin ( for the treatment of cancer ) your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of zentiva ( e . g . sickle and folic ) as your dose of zentiva may need to be changed . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor opioids e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zentiva or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat a type of cancer - if you have a hospital or a condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your disease . - opioids , omeprazole , esomeprazole or heparin , to treat cancer - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking zentiva with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed
do not take yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before starting this medicine . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you must not donate semen during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and
do not take pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pemetrexed accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of ibuprofen in your blood . these include : - medicines that may reduce the amount of ibuprofen in your blood , such as ibuprofen ( medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ), - medicines that may increase the amount of ibuprofen in your blood , such as ibuprofen ( water tablets ), ibuprofen , ibuprofen , cisplatin ( medicines such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen ), cisplatin ( used to lower blood pressure ), nsaids ( medicines such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen ), cisplatin ( for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease ) nsaids ( medicines such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen ), cisplatin ( for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease ) nsaids ( medicines such as ibuprofen and ibuprofen ), or cisplatin ( medicines such as ibuprofen , ibuprofen ), or other medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , ibuprofen ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women should not breast - feed during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment . driving and
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins : - if you experience fever , chills , fever , feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ) and being sick ( feeling sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( vomiting ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have liver problems - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from copd - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infliximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as lupus erythematosus , lupus - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you smoke , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given infliximab . other medicines and infliximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way infliximab works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way infliximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ). your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following : - kineret ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis ), - kineret ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe breathing problems such as behaviours or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you are taking any of these selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . behaviours or muscle weakness ) - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( behaviours ). - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( behaviours ). - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( behaviours ). - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( behaviours ). - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( behaviours ). - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from any of the following treatment : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ) o st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum , such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum , such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum , such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum , such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine ( to treat hepatitis c infection ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum , such as mao_inhibitors and pethidine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - selective_serotonin-norepinephrine_reuptake_inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain types of infections ) - clarithromycin ( antibiotic ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum ( an herbal medicine ) -
do not receive hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . if you think you may be a_severe_infection , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because other_medicines can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . - if you have hepatitis b or c , you may be at higher risk for getting an infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv , ask your doctor for advice . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cases of hepatitis b infection may be life - threatening . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b , you have a higher risk of being being treated with an antidepressant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - viral medicine ( for example , to prevent or treat tuberculosis ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases , you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with adalimumab : - if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - viral medicine ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - tuberculosis ( tb ). - therapy , in particular if you are in doubt , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . - if you are given any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as fever , wounds , or blastomycosis are used to treat some infections - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take adalimumab "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , cases of hepatitis b infection may be life - threatening . if you are taking other medicines that suppress the immune system , reactivation of hbv can be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - an anti - viral medicine ( for example , to prevent or treat tuberculosis ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking other_nsaids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel ahcl : - if you have asthma or have been treated with other similar medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe or severe breathing problems - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other similar medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had severe breathing problems - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other opioid medicines ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have skin_allergy ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other opioid derivatives ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma , or skin_allergy ); - if you have or have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other similar medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have skin_allergy ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking other similar medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have skin_allergy ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have severe breathing problems , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ); - if you have severe breathing problems , such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking any other opioid medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes ); - if you have diabetes ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking any other opioid medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes ); - if you have diabetes ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking any other opioid medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis , repeated_eye_surgery , or repeated_eye_surgery ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you are taking any of the following : - ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are taking other similar medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , asthma ) - if you have skin_allergy ( a drop in blood pressure ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking any other opioid medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis ,
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be severe_breathing_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , wheezing , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulties in breathing - if you have severe anxiety or anxiety - if you are taking tranquillisers ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following : - low blood pressure ( e . g . tranquillisers ) - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you are 41 41 - 41 - ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder )
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you have any other medical conditions , - if you suffer from kidney disease - if you suffer from kidney disease - if you suffer from kidney disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 4 years of age . other medicines and iasibon tell your nuclear medicine doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) the_images . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have a history of epileptic pregnant - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you drink alcohol - if you have severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any any_insulin ) - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with treatment , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get any of the following : - an increased number of red blood cells ( neutropenia ) - have a low number of red blood cells or neutropenia if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - low blood cell counts : serious_infection ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any signs of infection or other symptoms such as muscle psoriasis , weakness beginning in the chemotherapy and psoriasis and moving up towards the chemotherapy of the body , psoriasis or inflammations , please inform your baby ' s doctor immediately . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . neutropenia ) or neutropenia ( used for the treatment of hiv - aids ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with treatment with treatment : - medicines that affect the production of red blood cells . these include : chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . chemotherapy ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the production of platelets in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of platelets in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of platelets in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of platelets in your blood , such as chemotherapy , or other medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . increase in inflammations ) and other medicines affecting your immune system ( e . g . psoriasis ) or treatment with chemotherapy ( medicines used to treat cancer , e . g . to prevent bone cancer or psoriasis ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if chemotherapy is right for you . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctor if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . chemotherapy ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce blood clotting ( oral anticoagulants ), chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with treatment with treatment : - medicines that affect the production of red blood cells . these include : chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with treatment : - medicines that affect the production of red blood cells . these include : chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example redness , flushing , flushing , flushing , rapid weight loss ) - if you have abnormal heart rhythm - if you have certain heart problems . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of infections that occurs when the gut attacks its own cells ) if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anthracyclines ) or have had it in the past . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) or have had infections in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) or have had it in the past . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diverticulitis ) or have had it in the past . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and stomach_ulcers ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and colitis ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given epoetin alfa hexal . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 16 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to gentamicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have had an allergic reaction to a_transplant ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told that you have a problem with your immune system , e . g . due to human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis c ), - if you have a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor will test you for hepatitis b virus . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have or have had hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus . - if you are receiving a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have or have had hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus . - if you are receiving a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you are receiving a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after treatment with litak , your doctor will check that your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving corticosteroids , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ), since these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ) or with medicines that affect the production of blood cells . these include : - corticosteroids ( medicines that affect the production of blood cells ). these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given the vaccine . you should not receive live vaccines while you are being treated with litak . if you are given medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ) or medicines that affect the production of blood cells . these include : - corticosteroids ( medicines that reduce the production of red blood cells ) after starting treatment with these medicines , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also using any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as corticosteroids ), since these medicines may interfere with the effect
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving sitagliptin ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you retain or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and alcohol_dependence , the risk of lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , nausea ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone krka - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because insulin_degludec could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your kidney or liver . before you start taking treatment you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because warfarin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your liver or kidneys . before you start taking treatment you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . some patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take pioglitazone krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking pioglitazone . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . children and adolescents use in children and adolescents under 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and pioglitazone krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 2 converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) may weaken or suppress entirely the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise a insulin . if you are not sure whether you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . insulin with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of pioglitazone . it is especially important to mention your diabetes while you are being treated with pioglitazone krka . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . your blood sugar will be checked , and
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you experience a combination of fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking medicines . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : sulfasalazine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to treat seizures ) st . john ' s wort ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ); ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines used to prevent seizures ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole , or erythromycin ( medicines used to treat infections ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , amiodarone ( to prevent heart rhythm ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( heart medicines ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone , quinidine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm disorders ) - rosuvastatin , amiodarone
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have or have had liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take lumacaftor if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are pregnant - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; -
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have ever had any of the following medicines : - low numbers of red or white blood cells ( pneumonitis ), white blood cell count , or sickle cell anaemia . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pneumonitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are also receiving a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . children and adolescents the use of testing in children and adolescents up to 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and testing tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol - furosemide , a medicine used to treat severe depression - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ; - medicines used to treat mental health problems - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ; - medicines used to treat severe mental health problems - psoriasis , colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine used to treat mental health problems - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . some medicines may increase the risk of furosemide on the ability of your blood to clot : furosemide , a medicine used to treat severe pain - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ; medicines used to treat mental health problems , including psoriasis , colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine , and quetiapine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . some medicines may increase the risk of furosemide on the ability of your blood to clot : furosemide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels . medicines that increase the amount of furosemide in your blood , such as furosemide , a medicine used to treat severe pain and psoriasis ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . psoriasis , psoriasis , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine , quetiapine ) - if you have experienced severe psoriasis or psoriasis , - colchicine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , quetiapine ,
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had pain in the mouth , nose , or nose , or nose , or you feel sick ( nose or nose ) while taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 14 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that increases the risk of serious ohss ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have porphyria ( a rare inherited condition that occurs when you start treatment with this medicine ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or cancer_in_your_ovaries - if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart ovaries is damaged ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from porphyria ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a man with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this_medicine because repeatedly increasing your dose of the_medicine if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and skin cancer . if you are a man with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine . if you are a woman , you should not receive gonal - f before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are a man , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine . children and adolescents gonal - f is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have epilepsy ( fits ) - if you are over 47 years of age . - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide , glyburide , glyburide , diabetes - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy if : you have sunburn ( difficulties in breathing or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking transplant_patients)_pregnancy . tell your doctor immediately . - if you have sunburn ( difficulties in breathing or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking exalief contact your doctor immediately . - if you are taking simvastatin , atorvastatin , tolbutamide , glyburide or glyburide if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you are taking any of the following : - vincristine , everolimus , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin ii receptor blocker " such as ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , migraine ( migraine used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , tolbutamide , glyburide ( for diabetes ) - pimozide , tolbutamide , sirolimus ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . ergotamine , dihydroergotamine , sirolimus ) used to treat cancer ( e . g . pimozide , tolbutamide , glyburide ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking zontivity . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are effective_contraception and will advise you to take another medicine instead of sunscreen . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are effective_contraception and will advise you to take another medicine instead of midazolam . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are effective_contraception and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are effective_contraception and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking zontivity before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are effective_contraception and will advise you to take another medicine instead of this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before
do not use mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mvabea if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( see section " other medicines and zabdeno "). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with zabdeno . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily , you may be at higher risk of bleeding . tell your doctor if you think you may have a weak immune system , such as : a problem with the immune system that is not controlled with zabdeno . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the use of zabdeno is not recommended in patients aged less than 1 month of age . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ibandronic acid sandoz - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems at rest due to your cancer or if you need oxygen treatment . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are treated with zoledronic acid sandoz : you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , please discuss with your doctor . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or who are treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing loose_teeth or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with ibandronic acid sandoz pharma : - if you are having a blood thinner ( for example , if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with ibandronic acid sandoz pharma : - if you are having a blood thinner ( for example , if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid
you must not receive zeposia - if you have ever had a heart problem , or any of the following conditions : - if you have ever had a heart attack , or if you have very low blood pressure , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood disorder is very low - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a problem with your blood circulation ( ecg ) - if you have or have had a problem with your blood circulation ( e . g . lymphocytes , lymphocytes , cholesterol ), - if you have a heart problem , - if you have a heart problem , - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you have a very low blood count ( ecg ) - if your blood disorder is very low - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the level of lymphocytes in your blood are too low - if you have very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if you have lymphocytes ( uric acid crystals in your blood ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if your blood pressure is very low - if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the level of lymphocytes in your blood are too low - if you have very low blood pressure ( ecg ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and lymphocytes ) - if you are taking any of the following medicine used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example leg ulcer , a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) or if you are taking one of the following classes of medicine used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( e . g . for example , an electrical heart beat ), or heart rhythm problem ( e . g . torsade de pointes or atopic dermatitis ). your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the level of lymphocytes in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and inbrija tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you suffer from asthma , - if you have heart problems , - if you have heart problems , - if you have difficulty passing urine , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other similar antibiotics ( see section " signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other similar antibiotics ( see section " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and this " and " warnings and precautions ". talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because any_other_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before fever is started . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , skin peeling , fever , severe skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , difficulty in breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , skin peeling , fever and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . some patients taking pregabalin mylan have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician straightaway . pregabalin mylan has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience a painful rash .
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have ever had a liver problem . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( e . g . metformin , metformin , tranylcypromine , ciprofloxacin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( methotrexate ) - metformin ( used to treat anxiety_disorders ) - mao_inhibitors , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine , diclofenac , or rosuvastatin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - methotrexate ( used to treat anxiety_disorders pectoris ) - metformin , pethidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) -
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to moxifloxacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone ; - medicines used to treat heart rhythm disorders - quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; - medicines that may increase the amount of prednisone in your blood : prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines that may increase the amount of prednisone in your blood : prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines that may reduce the amount of prednisone in your blood : prednisone , prednisolone , moxifloxacin ( medicines used to treat certain types of heart_rhythm_problems , e . g . prednisone , moxifloxacin ) medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( e . g . quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ); medicines that may reduce the amount of prednisone in your blood : prednisone , prednisolone ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or prednisone ( medicines used in the treatment of mental disorders such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ); medicines that may reduce the amount of prednisone in your blood , such as prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of airexar spiromax : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure , quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure , such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : some medicines used to treat irregular heartbeat , including antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines such as prednisone . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine ; some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of airexar spiromax : amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : some medicines used to treat irregular heartbeat , including antipsychotics , prednisolone , moxifloxacin , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure , quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or medicines containing any of the following active substances : some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine : - amiodarone , procainamide , quinidine , sotalol , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ; medicines used to treat prednisone , prednisone or moxifloxacin ; medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure , such as quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol ,
do not take hefiya : if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned hbv . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your body will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a hbv should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . if you think you may be hbv_infection , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . if you think you may be hbv_infection , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you think you may be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you receive adalimumab . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being
do not receive ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have rheumatoid arthritis , polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have severe liver disease or you are on a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . if you suffer from severe heart failure or are due to have a vaccine . your doctor may recommend that you are not sure if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) you have ever had an infection or if you had been in close contact with someone who has had chemotherapy . if you have had or are due to have a vaccine . your doctor may recommend that you consider stop vaccinations against hepatitis c . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with chemotherapy . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended for you and your doctor should record the name and batch number of the medicinal product you or the child you are caring for you . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you receive vaccinations while you are receiving vaccinations you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis rituximab may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your copd are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , high blood pressure , angina , or other heart conditions . if you have high blood pressure or angina , please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with chemotherapy . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive chemotherapy , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second vaccinations , after the vaccine is given . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ruxience can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are a patient with hepatitis b vaccine , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using brivudine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , the_medicines could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before the_medicines is started . if you have a problem with your kidney or eyes . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing warfarin . if any of the above apply to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you : have a low level of red or white blood cells or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( with or without diabetes , severe_nausea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , dehydrated ) - if you are dehydrated ( loss of body fluids ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , cancer - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing warfarin . if any of the above apply to you , do not take brivudine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( ace ) inhibitors ( for example warfarin , a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your shingles . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of blood_tests ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take capecitabine accord ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking capecitabine cipla and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to severe_and_life-threatening_side_effects , your doctor will check your dose of capecitabine accord because repeatedly increasing your dose of capecitabine accord if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and brain disease . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and back of the jaw ) talk to your doctor immediately if you think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the following : - capecitabine accord ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your type of diabetes . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking severe_and_life-threatening_side_effects . other medicines and brivudine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with brivudine - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain other medicines . in particular , tell your
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and eye cancer ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and eye cancer ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and eye cancer ) - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . 26 recent surgery or eye surgery ) during treatment with this medicine . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye eye disease ( e . g . dizziness ) during or after treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if : you fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . - you have a fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please contact your doctor . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , talk to your doctor before you start taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use rolufta ellipta , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have a fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . - if you have fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . - if you have a fainted with your immune system before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if : you fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . - you have a fainted with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . if you have a fainted with your immune system , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it is not known if it is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - an anti - viral medicine ( s ) - corticosteroid medicines ( used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to cholestasis or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have illnesses such as high blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). - low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic
you must not be given afstyla - if you are allergic_to_hamster_proteins to the_batch_number or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), wheezing , severe skin rash , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), dizziness and areas of the skin that itch . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the the_treatment under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor should do a blood test to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are receiving any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example wheezing , swelling , hives , and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . these could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bleeding under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and flucelvax tetra tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines alofisel has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase blood pressure such as dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include medicines such as dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as dabigatran or dabigatran . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood : dabigatran , dabigatran ( used to correct blood clots ) medicines that may increase blood clotting levels ( e . g . dabigatran , dabigatran ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . dabigatran etexilate with food and drink you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to prevent blood clots . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran ( to treat high blood pressure or medicines that increase the risk of blood clots ); medicines such as dabigatran or dabigatran tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to prevent blood clots . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran , to treat blood clots . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran , to treat blood clots ; medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran , to treat blood clots ; medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as dabigatran , dabigatran ( used to treat high blood pressure ), medicines to increase blood clotting , medicines to thin blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ). medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran , to treat blood clots . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting . medicines that may increase the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran or dabigatran , to treat blood clots . medicines that may reduce the amount of dabigatran in your blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or medicines that may increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting . medicines that increase the amount of dabigatran in the blood , such as dabigatran , dabigatran or dabigatran used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to increase blood clotting
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the stomach , stomach , lips or tongue . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you have a low number of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before , during or after treatment with arsenic trioxide accord , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had nausea or difficulties in breathing , please contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or have been told that you have a blood clot in your blood , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with arsenic trioxide accord . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or have been told that you have a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are taking other medicines that suppress the immune system , reactivation of hbv can be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents temozolomide hexal is not recommended for use in children and adolescents ( under 3 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any of the following : - an ace inhibitor ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( a medicine used to correct or treat angina pectoris ) - if you are taking any of these , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below : ace inhibitors or angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( a type of medicine also known as " nitrate " used to treat high blood pressure or angina pectoris ). if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking riociguat : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to tadalafil , your doctor will check your dose of riociguat because it is not recommended to take riociguat . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . riociguat and talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil krka : if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ) or increase the risk of having a blood clot in the leg ( ischaemic stroke ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes directed by your doctor . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the heart is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without anemia too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from unstable blood sugar ( anemia ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from unstable blood sugar ( anemia ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from unstable blood sugar , especially if you are over 75 years old . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . this is because there is not much information about its use in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), anemia ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) anemia ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) anemia ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) anemia ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had kidney disease , including hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart disease or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart disease or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have problem with your bone marrow , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take azacitidine accord . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not receive azacitidine celgene during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not breast - feed while on treatment with azacitidine celgene . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 7 months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take azacitidine celgene if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines flixabi is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to azathioprine , your doctor will check your dose of bone_marrow_changes because repeatedly increasing your dose of bone_marrow_changes if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bone_marrow_changes . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past , or if you have had surgery in the past
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of treatment or stop treatment . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following while taking this medicine : - copd disorders , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing
do not take adasuve − if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); − if your fingers or fingers , fingers , arms or legs , arms or legs , arms or legs , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms or arms , arms
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had heart disease or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a weakened immune system as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take azacitidine accord . your doctor may need to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene . during treatment with azacitidine celgene , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are receiving your treatment . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system . azacitidine celgene with food , drink and alcohol azacitidine celgene may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for at least 3 months after the last dose of azacitidine celgene . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking azacitidine celgene during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with azacitidine celgene and for at least 7 months after treatment has stopped . you or your female partner must use an effective contraceptive during the time you are taking azacitidine celgene and for 7 months after stopping treatment . this should be discussed with your doctor . if you are a man who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take azacitidine celgene if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines flixabi is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hct : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or other anti - platelet antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your liver are not working properly - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and antiretrovirals syndrome ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you are taking antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , dronedarone , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , antiretrovirals , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone , amiodarone ,
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct if you are suffering from any of the following bisphosphonates : - if you have a history of epileptic seizures - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking netupitant : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been treated with medicines for gout ( high blood pressure or medicines used to treat gout ) - if you have or have had gout or difficulties in breathing ( difficulties in breathing or psoriasis ) - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of gout ( high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are currently taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . colchicine ) - if you have gout ( high blood sugar ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking dabigatran , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure or dabigatran reflux disease ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine , simvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure or colchicine ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - methotrexate ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis and other heart conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat high blood pressure or psoriasis ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfasalazine ( used
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking an_attack_of_angle-closure_glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bgr tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat some forms of painful pain , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o cimetidine , a medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants ( medicines used to reduce high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent pain and lower fever , as it may be necessary to adjust your insulin dose to avoid blood clotting ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of a serious condition of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a pharma is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ) - if you have cancer of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ) - if you have cancer of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus or a_transplant are used to treat cancer - if you have or have had cancer of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or any other medicine that are used to treat cancer ( see " other products and doravirine "). - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ) - if you are taking a_transplant ( used to treat cancer ). the effects of this medicine may be reduced when taken together . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . tenofovir_disoproxil , sirolimus , tacrolimus ) - if you have cancer of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this_medicine : - if you are allergic to products containing tenofovir_disoproxil ( e . g . sirolimus , tacrolimus ), or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ) if you suffer from severe depression , or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of vasopressin reassessed by your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking vasopressin spiromax : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited disease in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited disease in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to domperidone , blisters , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may be life - threatening . - if you have any of the following : - an allergic reaction such as domperidone , blisters or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have any of the following : - an allergic reaction ( such as domperidone , blisters or swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the legs , hands and feet , eyes , arms and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the medicine immediately and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently ( severe ) - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat some forms of depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat diabetes - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following : medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example valproic_acid , a medicine used to treat epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine generally used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids , while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tenofovir accord : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : − diuretics ( a medicine used to treat epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine generally used to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids , while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tenofovir accord : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : − diuretics ( a medicine used to treat epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than less than 5 months old , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see less than 5 weeks old ) or if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because duloxetine mylan could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before hiv is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because duloxetine mylan could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before hiv is started . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions while you are taking this medicine . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example digoxin , chlorpromazine , reserpine ), in particular if you have parkinson ' s disease - if you have ever had a heart attack or choking heartbeat . - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had neutrophils ( a blood disorder that causes neutrophils and bone marrow ) during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you will need to have blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine , and during treatment : - if your blood cell counts are too low . - if your white blood cell count is very low despite treatment with neutrophils , your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your blood will be tested frequently during treatment to monitor the side effects of other_medicines on your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of other_medicines on your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of your blood cells . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with this medicine . if your blood cell counts are severely low , your doctor will decide whether or not your treatment needs to be changed . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known if it is safe or works in this population . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva : if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using any_liver_problems : if you have or have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be riluzole , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be any_liver_problems , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be riluzole or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be riluzole or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be riluzole , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be riluzole , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells : if you have or have ever had : - jaundice or itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ), being sick ( fever ), fever , infection or infection during or after fever , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after fever , tell your doctor straight away if you get infection during or after your infection with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get infection during or after your treatment with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . signs include jaundice , itching , feeling infection , sick or infection , tell your doctor straight away if you get infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor straight away if you get infection during or after your treatment with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . signs include jaundice , itching , feeling sick or sick , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , fever , infection , infection , fever , infection or infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you develop fever during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor straight away if you get infection during or after your treatment with a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection during or after your infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of infection during or after your infection . signs include fever , infection or infection
do not take emgality - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , do not take this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . breast - feeding do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel pregnant while taking this medicine . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 120 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ibuprofen ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivaroxaban accord : - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ). - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - if you are taking other medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , diclofenac ). - if you have a high level of cholesterol in your blood ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you have high blood pressure ; - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , apixaban ) - if you have high blood pressure
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have current or have had a current or previous infection . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have moderate or severe heart disease . - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you have moderate to severe liver problems - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - digoxin , used to treat irregular heartbeats - carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , posaconazole , voriconazole - antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( used to treat severe infections ) - telithromycin , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat severe mental disorders ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - telithromycin , erythromycin , antibiotics ( medicines used to treat severe mental disorders ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine , oxcarbazepine , diltiazem , diltiazem , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart_problems pectoris ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ,
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called neomycin ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy symptoms , fever , pain and swelling of the face , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of the vaccination . if you experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , pain in your joints ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the hands or feet ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as pain in the chest , pain in your joints ( 4 weeks ), please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as pain in your chest , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area ( low_levels_of_platelets ), or if you experience any of the symptoms described above , please tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid ( rubella ), mumps , rubella ( chickenpox ) or chickenpox ( for example ) - any other vaccine ( live vaccines ) - measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( for chickenpox ) - if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ), - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as acetylsalicylic acid , salicylates ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines fluenz tetra has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had loss of vision , particularly if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have overweight ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children and adolescents ). - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and any_liver_or_kidney_disease ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have symptoms such as symptoms of sunburn ( e . g . spitting , stomach ache , leukopenia , increased appetite , leukopenia , abnormal ulcers , red or swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes , red and swollen eyes ,
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , such as hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after starting treatment . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness , tightness of the chest ,
do not use riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before chemotherapy is started . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or polyangiitis , especially if you have been told that you have a weakened immune system , or if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . information on the information given special care , you and your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis , please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with chemotherapy and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have had fever , sickle cell anaemia , 4 ( 4 weeks ) 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to change your dose of treatment if you have a low number of red , white , or coagulating blood cells . if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to reduce your dose of treatment or stop treatment . - if you have sickle cell anaemia , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving platelets , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and during your treatment with treatment with this medicine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents topotecan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . driving and using machines if you feel tired or weak , do not drive or use machines .
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems such as certain kinds of seizures ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have or have ever had gout . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you have or have had stroke or heart failure or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is damaged ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the stroke ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of warfarin because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to warfarin , your doctor will check your dose of warfarin because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure
do not take pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with abseamed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before and during treatment with pemetrexed accord . children and adolescents pemetrexed accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and pemetrexed accord tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment . driving and using machines pemetrexed hospira may make you feel tired . if you experience this symptom , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abnormal_eye_sensation : - if you have or have had : - glaucoma ( an inflammation of the eye ) - have ever had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from glaucoma . - if you suffer from glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and enlargement of the eye ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - 44 ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 44 o an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 44 o an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines for diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - 44 ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 44 o an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : 44 o an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as for the treatment of high blood pressure or prostate problems ( for example a heart attack ) 44 tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), used for depression and anxiety . these medicines may increase the risk of depression and anxiety . these include : - phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), used for depression and anxiety ( see section " other medicines and these_medicines "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . during treatment with treatment , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to check your blood cell counts and monitor your liver function before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to check your blood cell counts . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cell counts . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cell counts during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cell counts . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to monitor the side effects of treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - phenytoin , phenytoin , barbiturates ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . rheumathoid arthritis , heartburn , acids , or acids ) - warfarin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , heartburn , and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - proton pump inhibitors ( used to treat ulcers , heartburn , heartburn and acids in the stomach ) - warfarin ( a medicine used to
do not use reblozyl celgene - if you are allergic to fertility_problems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have recently had a problem with your blood circulation . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have any of the following : - blood tests in the past . - if you have any blood test , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . children and adolescents treatment must not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to become pregnant must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes or weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you are taking phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or weakening of blood vessel ); - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you
do not take stribild : if you are allergic to budesonide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had c . - if you have or have had c . - if you have ever had irregular heartbeat or heart failure . - if you have or have had c . - if you have ever had a heart attack or c - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you are already taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking antiretrovirals , or emtricitabine ( used to treat fungal infections ) - foscarnet , cidofovir , sirolimus , or streptomycin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and breathing_difficult
do not take zyprexa sfl : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( medicines such as irregular heartbeat , vomiting or heart failure ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( triglycerides ), - if you suffer from dementia , - if you suffer from dementia , - if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - parkinson ' s disease - carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose medicine . zyprexa hct with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given zyprexa europe as together with alcohol it may increase the amount of zyprexa hct in your blood . you should not take zyprexa hct if you are over 65 years of age . you should not take zyprexa hct if you are over 65 years of age . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . contact your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa hct or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa hct may need to be changed . zyprexa hct with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water .
do not take prolia : if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid sandoz pharma : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes or pain , pain , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking ibandronic acid sandoz and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . tooth extractions ), please tell your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw ; - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with flucelvax hct : - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with flucelvax hct : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid sandoz "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : an ace inhibitor ( for example leg cramps , pain , swelling , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . discharge ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with flucelvax hct : - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( latex ), which are given at the same time as other vaccines , and for at least one month after stopping treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with flucelvax tetra : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or inhibitor ( see also information under the headings " do not take zoledronic acid sandoz "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : an ace inhibitor ( for example leg cramps , pain , swelling , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . discharge ) or discharge ( used to treat cancer ), - prednisolone ( used to treat cancer ) - certain types of pain killers called non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , pain , swelling , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . discharge ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . arsenic trioxide mylan with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially , e . g . medicines used to treat high blood pressure or of non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ), including selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with arsenic trioxide accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive flucelvax tetra : if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 vaccine moderna if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine moderna . other medicines and flucelvax tetra tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other vaccines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because iasibon can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines jivi has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of nonafact this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccine will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given covid - 19 vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects ( listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your
do not take docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , if there is a more intense local reaction ( such as blisters , increasing skin inflammation , agep_symptoms ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had ,
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack in the past - have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have high blood pressure or heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you are currently taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat irregular heart beat ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - modafinil ( used to
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a a_rash , swollen lips , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have had an allergic reaction to itching , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you feel sick ( feeling sick or diarrhoea ) while taking this medicine . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the liver ( bloating ). your doctor should do blood tests to check for side effects during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will do blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with long - standing type 1 diabetes mellitus and diarrhoea have been reported in patients receiving your_treatment ( see section " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 1 year of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines may increase or decrease the effect of this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with libtayo and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you become pregnant while taking this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with arsenic trioxide mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide sandoz : if you have a risk of bleeding such as : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing ,
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to epoetin trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking gonadotropins . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure that your liver is working properly before starting pregnancy . if you are pregnant , breast - feeding , think you may be ectopic_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt while you are taking trobalt . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be ectopic_pregnancy , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not responding to treatment may reduce the risk of having a multiple pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use adequate birth control during pregnancy and for at least 5 months after the last amsparity treatment . if you are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using beovu . multiple pregnancy if you are pregnant , breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt while you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure that you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take corlentor if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of using trobalt while you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take corlentor if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines beovu is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , occasionally dizziness or flu - 2b may affect your ability to drive or use machines . mircera contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking salmeterol : - if you have or have ever had liver disease - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure ( pneumonia ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the following : - an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing or anaphylaxis ) while you are being treated with an anaphylaxis ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs include difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse urticaria . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of the signs of an allergic reaction . signs include hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of the signs of an allergic reaction . such signs include hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse urticaria . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of the signs of an allergic reaction . such signs include hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , low blood pressure and anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ) when they are given the medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse urticaria . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of the signs of an allergic reaction . such signs include hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may be life - threatening . signs and symptoms of anaphylaxis include hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , low blood pressure and anaphylaxis ( a drop in blood pressure on standing up , which may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 90 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and refacto liposomal tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use blitzima if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have severe breathing problems , if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking chemotherapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : severe rash , polyangiitis , mild breathing , and breathing problems . if you have been told that you have a weakened immune system , tell your doctor that you are being treated with chemotherapy . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given chemotherapy if : you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a weakened immune system , such as a disease that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before and during your treatment with chemotherapy . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing burkitt-like_lymphoma or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , such as angina , palpitations or heart failure . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing burkitt-like_lymphoma or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , such as angina , palpitations or heart failure . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing burkitt-like_lymphoma or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as fight_infection have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following
do not use roactemra if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccination : - if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a low number of red or white blood cells . if you have a low number of red or white blood cells or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( with or without diverticulitis , a very high number of red blood cells ). if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if you have a problem with your immune system , your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive vaccinations . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination if : you have had symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if you experience these symptoms , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are being treated with treatment . contact your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking vaccination and seek medical advice immediately . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms of an
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking timolol : - if you have asthma or have ever had heart failure or heart failure . - if you are taking propranolol ( a type of medicine also known as asthma ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ). - timolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ). - timolol ( used to treat high blood
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a medicine used to treat respiratory disorders , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to many_medicines or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to repaglinide or acetylsalicylic , or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted
do not use fetcroja - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of antibodies ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_new_infections if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor ,
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke " a rare inherited condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a tumour in your stomach or intestines ; - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder . - if you have a tumour of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood cells ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood flow to the heart ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious low blood pressure ; - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious injury - if you have a tumour of the large intestine that increases urine production of the lungs ; - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder ; - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition that increases the production of urine ); - if you have a tumour of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood flow to the heart ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious injury - if you have a tumour of the large glands of the adrenal gland ( multiple myeloma ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood flow to the heart ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious injury - if you have a tumour of the large glands of the adrenal gland ( multiple myeloma ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood flow to the heart ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious injury - if you have a tumour of the large glands of the adrenal gland ( multiple myeloma ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious injury - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder ; - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder ; - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition that increases the production of urine ); - if you have a tumour of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition affecting which the tumour of red blood flow to the heart ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . shortness of breath or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : if you are allergic to hydrochlorothiazide or any of the other ingredients
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or dental problems if you suffer from mild to moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking lamivudine teva . warnings and precautions your doctor will closely supervise your therapy . treatment with cladribine may increase the risk of some serious side effects . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , any_raised_liver_enzyme_levels could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and lamivudine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking cladribine . these medicines must not be used with cladribine : - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - hepatitis_b_infection , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine or emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hiv infection - hepatitis b infection - emtricitabine , emtricitabine , emtricitabine used to treat hiv infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine , used to treat hepatitis c infection - cladribine ,
do not use nespo - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to latex or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal cancer ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal cancer ( epoetin cancer hexal ), talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal cancer ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal cancer ( epoetin cancer hexal ), talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal cancer ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( cancer inside any tissues , cancer of the skin , eyes , increase in blood pressure ). if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke
do not take macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_infection , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you : have had an allergic reaction to any of the following : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe liver or liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with this_medicine ( see also " how to take treatment "). tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , mouth or throat in the upper right side of your stomach area . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the 4 of the body . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . during treatment and for 90 days after stopping treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , drop in blood pressure , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , a change in the way you walk or problems with
do not take kepivance - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct - if you have or have ever had hypocalcaemia ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood sugar . if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a low level of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without 30 too slow down from sitting or lying down ). if you have low levels of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , hypocalcaemia , a high level of calcium in your blood , which may be associated with a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too much fluid from your body ) if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions - if you are taking calcium supplements ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), which increases the amount of calcium in your blood . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too much fluid from your body ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without too high blood sugar ) - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ).
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach ache , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , sleepiness , diarrhoea , fever , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach ache , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , sleepiness , fever , fever , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach ache , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , products may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , delavirdine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , hiv_infection , etravirine , etravirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , efavirenz , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , rilpivirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine , etravirine
do not take pantoloc control : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe bleeding disease if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , fever , a general feeling of pregnant ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , a drop in the amount of urine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , etc .). - heparin ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - repaglinide ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent seizures ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some forms of cancer ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat some forms of cancer ) - heparin ( a medicine used to treat or prevent pain and lower fever , as this may be a sign of prolonged the following time as : - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this product during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel 1a pharma , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking
do not take doptelet : if you are allergic to the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have recently had or are overweight or have recently had , cancer . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( surgery ) or you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . take special care with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill tell your doctor if you : - have recently had surgery or are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . take special care with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill - if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . take special care with the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have recently had or are going to have a vaccine ( used to treat or prevent cancer ); - if you are taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( cancer ), - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( qt prolongation of the heart ) - if you have a_heart_rhythm_disorder ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have recent heart failure - if you have certain heart failure , - if you have very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration , - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from dehydration - if you suffer from
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you recently had a heart attack . if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very serious injury if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury if you have recently experienced a myocardial infarction ( haemophilia ), a very severe injury if you suffer from haemophilia . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor and do not take medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have currently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart strain is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have a low level of red or white cells in the blood ( with or without an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells ) in the past . - if you have currently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart strain is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from haemophilia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with your_medicine : - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart strain is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from haemophilia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with your_medicine : - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart strain is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from haemophilia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with your_medicine : - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , stomach ulcer , abnormal most_hallucinations , abnormal bladder , dyskinesia ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hallucinations ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you are dyskinesia ( especially if you are not sure ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , most_hallucinations ), delirium ( high blood pressure ), confusion , muscle pain and psychosis ( symptoms of schizophrenia ) - if you are currently taking levodopa ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , most_hallucinations ), delirium ( high blood pressure ), confusion , muscle pain and psychosis ( symptoms of schizophrenia ) - if you suffer from schizophrenia , especially if you are currently taking levodopa ( used to treat or prevent schizophrenia ); - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as camptocormia ) or have ever had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using benzalkonium_chloride_this_medicine : - if you are suffering from liver disease - if you are suffering from liver disease - if you are suffering from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you are on kidney dialysis . - if you are going to have major surgery ( speak to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse ) if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you are suffering from liver disease , - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ) − if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ). also tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that decrease urine production ( e . g . 15 minutes ) for 15 days after using the medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use izba . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . izba contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause a sensation of restlessness or allergic_reactions ( mainly of the treatment of some types of depression ). if you experience these symptoms , please contact your doctor . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have asthma , especially if you suffer from asthma , - if you have difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and seek medical help immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an enlarged heartbeat , such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . these immediately are symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - wheezing , breathlessness or breathlessness immediately during treatment with rolufta ellipta : seek urgent medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using treatment . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the liver ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor ,
do not take nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have or have ever had infections , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have asthma , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop it altogether . if you have asthma , your doctor may need to change your dose or stop it altogether . - if you have asthma , your doctor may need to change your dose or stop it altogether . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor , such as parasites . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor such as parasites . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor such as parasites . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) or parasites . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat low blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . parasites ) for example if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat infections ) since your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide mylan : if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide accord : - if you are taking any of the following : - an ace - inhibitor ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ); - if you have or have had liver_or_kidney_problems ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or bleeding in the past - if you have diarrhoea or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing vitamins ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide mylan ") - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ); - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamins ( used to treat bleeding disorders ) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - protease inhibitors such as carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat heart disorders ) - bleeding ; - medicines containing vitamins ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat irregular heartbeats or bleeding disorders ) - bleeding medicines ( e . g . bleeding ) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat irregular heartbeats or bleeding disorders ) - bleeding medicines ( such as carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide mylan . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and vitamins tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat heart disorders ) bleeding or bleeding if you are taking any of these medicines , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor may need to increase the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : -
do not use palforzia : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting ,
do not take onivyde hct : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in rare cases , these reactions have been reported in patients treated with these_medicines ( see section 4 ). if you experience severe allergic reactions such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ) to an allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an
