do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have signs of signs of an allergic reaction ( e . g . telithromycin , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you should never take this medicine to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . if you are allergic to abacavir ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin , medicines used to treat hiv infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of abacavir ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if you have signs of an allergic reaction ( e . g . abacavir , telithromycin , troleandomycin , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this medicine . if you are allergic to abacavir ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin , medicines used to treat hiv infections ) or ritonavir ( a medicine used to treat hiv infections ) or lopinavir/ritonavir ( anti - hiv medicine ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you have signs of an allergic reaction such as abacavir ( telithromycin , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . you should never take this medicine to treat signs of signs and fainting . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to abacavir ( e . g . telithromycin , troleandomycin , medicines used to treat hiv infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of abacavir ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have signs of signs of a heart rhythm problem ( e . g . abnormal heart beat , irregular heart beats ), or any other liver problems . if you have signs of a blood clot , such as a heart attack , a very slow heartbeat , have signs of signs or symptoms of a blood clot , such as a low number of platelets in your blood or platelets ( signs of a high level of potassium in your blood ). if you have signs or symptoms of low blood counts during your treatment . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure , which could be fatal . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have signs of signs and symptoms of low blood pressure during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will also check your blood pressure before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . this is so that your doctor can decide if this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tadalafil mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should not be used with tadalafil mylan if you are taking any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) antiarrhythmics ( e . g . abnormal_heart_beat and erythromycin ) used to treat infections these medicines may increase the risk of side effects with tadalafil mylan and your doctor may need to adjust the dose of tadalafil or the other medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , felodipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , digoxin , digoxin . these medicines should be used with tadalafil mylan or any of the following medicines : bosentan ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . irregular heartbeat , antiarrhythmics , antiarrhythmics , erythromycin and erythromycin ) used to treat infections . these medicines may increase the risk of side effects with tadalafil mylan and
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you will be asked to receive treatment if you have ever had tb . if you are in doubt , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have previously had tb . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast -
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be the_treatment , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given penicillamine : - if you have ever had allergic_reactions ( a type of allergic_reactions ). - if you have ever had any of the following medicines : antibiotics ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), medicines to treat allergic_reactions ( see section " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or 50 mediterranean fever ). - if you are taking medicines which contain " tetracyclines " ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you have experienced severe allergic reactions to acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat stomach problems . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve excessive sleepiness ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve excessive sleepiness ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and fluoroquinolones , e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat allergic_reactions pectoris ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and fluoroquinolones ) or other fluoroquinolones ( e . g . medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - if you are using fluoroquinolones ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - alpha - blockers ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - alpha - blockers ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) 50 - if you are taking medicines that contain " tetracyclines " ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat allergic_reactions pectoris ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or 50 50 called 50 inhibitors ). - if you are taking fluoroquinolones ( e . g . tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( medicines used to treat allergic_reactions ). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve stomach cramps ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the side effects of these medicines ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the side effects of these medicines ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that contain " tetracyclines " ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc and fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that contain " tetracyclines " ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of side effects ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that contain " tetracyclines " ( such as tetracyclines , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc or fluoroquinolones ), please inform your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or have had it in the past . - if you have liver disease . - if you have had c or c . - if you have liver disease . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid rifabutin in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as hepatitis_b or c . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have liver problems . if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals . take special care with other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because vitamins and supplements can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way iron_supplements works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium , magnesium , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals ( see section 3 under " do not take iron hct "). - rifabutin , rifampicin and rifabutin ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . heartburn ) - medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . aluminium / magnesium , iron and iron ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifabutin , rifampicin or rifabutin ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - some medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . heartburn , acid reflux , e . g . aluminium , magnesium , iron ) and iron ( see section 3 , ' how to take rifabutin ). - rifabutin and rifampicin ( used to treat some infections such as infections ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - supplements that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include antacids ( such as aluminium , magnesium , iron and iron ) since your blood may need to be checked more frequently if you take : rifabutin , clarithromycin , rifabutin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) hepatitis_b_infection ( such as rifabutin , rifampicin ) to treat some bacterial infections such as other_illnesses . the following medicines may decrease the amount of supplements in your blood , such as antacids , aluminium and magnesium . iron in your blood may need to be checked if you take iron supplements . in addition , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to reduce the amount of urine you produce . rifabutin , rifampicin , and rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as infections and aids ) talk to your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium and magnesium or iron . your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : rifabutin , magnesium , iron , or iron . your doctor will need to closely monitor your blood pressure and blood pressure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux , such as aluminium and magnesium , which are used to lower the amount of urine you produce . rifabutin , rifampicin , and rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe heart or heart problem . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you drink alcohol excessively ( either every day or only from time to time ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have liver problems , take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to
do not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the vaccination may have a higher risk of having a blood test . tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor may decide to delay the vaccination until your fever is gone . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could be given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if
do not take somakit_toc : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking glucocorticoids - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( liver disease ) - if you are suffering from inflammation of the pancreas ( liver disease ) - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you are taking other medicines which may cause dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of dehydration ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ). - if you have dehydration ( see section 4 for signs of dehydration ). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver or liver problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and bindren tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that decrease the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - glucocorticoids ( medicines used to treat inflammation ) - corticosteroids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or other medicines used to treat inflammation ) 28 - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( medicines used to treat inflammation ) - corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ) - beta - blockers ( other medicines used to treat liver problems ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an acute liver disease . - if you have had a surgery within the last six months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have recent_major_surgery ( high blood pressure ) - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have surgery or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_unhealed_wound ) - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and imatinib ) - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are due to have major elective surgery ( surgery ) ( e . g . ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus ) if you are everolimus ( a medicine used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - if you are due to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low blood pressure ( platelets ) and imatinib ( a type of blood thinning ) can occur . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly during treatment . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , tell your doctor . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given ciclosporin , sirolimus , everolimus or everolimus ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) or tb . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : sirolimus , a medicine used to treat certain types of cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( used to control seizures ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) tb ( used to treat tb ) your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you take : sirolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ) hiv_infection ( a medicine used to prevent and treat blood clots ) dexamethasone ( a medicine used to prevent and treat bone disorders ) dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat cancer ) ciclosporin , sirolimus and everolimus ( a medicine used to prevent and treat tuberculosis ) tb ( tb ) blood sugar levels may be higher if you take dexamethasone ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system ). dexamethasone , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . dexamethasone , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . dexamethasone , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . dexamethasone , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . dexamethasone , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . dexamethasone , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection . dexamethasone , a medicine used to suppress the immune system . ciclosporin , sirolimus and everolimus ( a medicine used to suppress the immune system )
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe kidney problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems
do not receive tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before vaccination if : you have ever had infections , hives , fever , cough , shortness of breath , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , or red blood . your doctor may need to adjust your vaccination . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting vaccination . if your child has an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ). it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you or your child : have ever had infections , including infections , such as fever , cough , feeling tired , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or red or change in your vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of tuberculosis ( such as cough , weight loss , muscle_aches , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after vaccination , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of tuberculosis ( for example , cough , weight loss , feeling warm , warm , loss of appetite , or loss of consciousness ). your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have a disease or condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , brain or lungs ). - if you have severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems . if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as platelets , tinzaparin or dalteparin ) - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , tinzaparin or dalteparin ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing or breathing problems . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given clopidogrel ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as platelets , tinzaparin or dalteparin ) - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other similar medicines ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to heparin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the brain is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). if you are taking clopidogrel or another medicine containing nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics ( e . g . nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to heparin or any other type of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if
do not take senstend : - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other local anaesthetics - if you have high blood pressure or heart_failure heart disease - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart failure ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat viral infections ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to prevent organ rejection or to treat rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , or ulcerative colitis ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease ) - dapsone ( used to treat crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , rheumatoid arthritis , crohn ' s disease , ulcerative colitis , crohn ' s disease
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have certain problems with your heart ( qt prolongation ) - if you have a severe liver disease - if you have certain liver problems - if you have certain liver problems ( e . g . electrical recording of the brain ) - if you have certain liver problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . electrical recording of the brain ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have hepatitis or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pain_on_the_right_side ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may ask you to have a blood test . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nivolumab accord - if you are 60 years of age or older , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and nivolumab accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if nivolumab sfl passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or to any of the other ingredients of antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have diabetes or impaired heart function . - if you have arrhythmia ( arrhythmia ). - if your heart does not produce enough of the stomach ( blurred vision ). - if your child has blurred vision . - if your child has blurred vision . - if your child has blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are a heavy smoker . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor a_non-steroidal_anti-inflammatory_medicine and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after treatment has finished . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine .
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive treatment with cisplatin . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will decide if you should be given pemetrexed accord . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines pemetrexed lilly may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not take immunogam - if you are severely allergic to human immunoglobulins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using antibodies . antibodies that may cause antibodies to glucose levels or glucose levels in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) in your blood which carry the glucose level ( glucose and uric acid ) in your blood . this is especially important if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection and human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection and human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for hepatitis b or c viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . immunoglobulins have not been associated with hepatitis a or parvovirus b19 infections possibly because the antibodies against these infections , which are contained in the product , are protective . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of this medicine the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of this medicine in pregnancy is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . symptoms include fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( tuberculosis ), it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have a history of tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have a history of tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby ( tb ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given kineret . tb ( tb ) if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have tb in the past , or if you think you might be tb , ask your doctor for advice .  if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given kineret . tb is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive kineret , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking medicines . medicines that may have a negative effect on your body ' s immune system . if you are currently taking medicines that prevent the production of white blood cells ( tb ). - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you are currently taking medicines known to cause tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you have ever had tb or have had tb . - are currently being treated with another medicine which may cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . - if you are taking medicines known to prevent tb ( tb ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret if you are currently taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking medicines to treat tb ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you are taking
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this natural_products ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines ( especially monoamine oxidase inhibitors ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take rasagiline ratiopharm "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section " do not take rasagiline ratiopharm "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . if you have a severe infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition . if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness , swelling or shortness_of_breath do not improve , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , sudden rash , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of tuberculosis . - if you develop symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping therapy . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting therapy . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting therapy . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are using any other type of medicine which increases urine production ( diuretics ) such as : - acetylsalicylic acid , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have severe or severe breathing problems . - if you are taking other anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or diclofenac ) or clopidogrel ( used to treat diabetes ) - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel sandoz : - if you have or have had eye_problems ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) such as ibuprofen , diclofenac or clopidogrel . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel sandoz : - if you have or have had eye_problems ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you develop blurred vision or other visual disturbances . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel sandoz : - if you have or have had eye_problems ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) such as ibuprofen , diclofenac or clopidogrel . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have any of the following : - tightness of the face , breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . tell your doctor straight away if you get blurred vision or other visual disturbances . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and clopidogrel sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ( other medicines used to treat diabetes ) - some medicines used to treat asthma ( rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ) pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines when using this medicine .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems ; - if you have severe kidney or liver problems ; - if you have a severe liver disease ; - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have irregular heart rhythm ; - if you have irregular heart rhythm ; - if you have irregular heart rhythm ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart rate ; - if you have irregular heart beat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , or slow heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat ,
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : 41 if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , shortness of breath , discomfort , or chest pain . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have gout ( gout ) or if you have gout ( difficulties in breathing , or discomfort in the hands and / or discomfort , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking darunavir mylan and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to take special care when you take darunavir mylan . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan . tell your doctor straight away if you develop signs of seizures during treatment with darunavir . see also under " other medicines and darunavir mylan 41 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems - such as valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide or amiodarone ; - calcium channel blockers used to treat heart rhythm disorders - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , or sotalol - used for heart rhythm problems - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , sotalol , 41 - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( for fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( for bacterial infections ) - 41 - clarithromycin or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin and simvastatin ( medicines used to treat certain types of heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin and simvastatin ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - colchicine ( used to treat seizures ) - 41 - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat gout ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir accord . children and adolescents darunavir is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and darunavir mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems - such as valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ( used to correct stomach and relieve seizures ) - dabigatran_etexilate ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , efavirenz , darunavir ( medicines to treat bacterial infections ) - ritonavir , clarithromycin or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - clarithromycin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin and simvastatin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ritonavir , clarithromycin or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - gout medicines ( used to reduce cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin and simvastatin ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - gout medicines ( used to reduce blood clotting ) - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) - colchicine ( used to treat seizures ) - 41 if you are taking any of the following medicines : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir accord . children and adolescents darunavir is not for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and darunavir mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems - such as valproic acid , ibutilide , dofetilide , amiodarone ; - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , used to treat heart rhythm problems - quinidine , disopyramide
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take axumin and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take axumin and talk to your doctor . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 4 years of age . other medicines and axumin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding this medicine should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take azopt : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , or to any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 );  if you are pregnant or breast - feeding  if you are taking medicines called sulphonamides ( also known as sulphonamides used to treat infections , or diabetes ).  if you are taking a type of medicines called sulphonamides ( used to treat infections ), since your doctor may need to adjust the dose or delay treating you . warnings and machines talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rhokiinsa :  if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as medicines that affect the production of blood cells ). please tell your doctor if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ).  if you are taking medicines known to cause infections ( see " other medicines and any_medicine "); - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ).  if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines known to cause diabetes ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ).  if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ).  if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ).  if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . inform your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while using this medicine . you must also do this for 1 month after your last dose of this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines until it is established that your ability to perform such activities is not affected .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have feeling sick ( excessive loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , stomach difficulties , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , weight loss , feeling sick , weight loss , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these tests could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had diabetes or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe dehydration , diarrhoea , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away : if you experience a combination of the following symptoms : feeling sick ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or if you have diabetes , especially if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin , tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( a rare condition that affects the beat of your neutropenia ) - if you have severe psoriasis ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure ( corticosteroids ). - if you are taking doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac , treatment , - if you experience fever , fatigue , vertigo , blurred vision , or blurred vision . - if you have any of the following : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and treatment " below ). - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and treatment "). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and treatment "). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( see " other medicines and treatment " below ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammations and chemotherapy ), please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking diclofenac . ibuprofen may cause fever , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision . other medicines and ibuprofen tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as chemotherapy or tacrolimus ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as doxorubicin or corticosteroids ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure and corticosteroids ( e . g . doxorubicin , chemotherapy , diclofenac ) - ibuprofen , ibuprofen , vertigo , vertigo , blurred , blurred vision . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat any_allergic_reactions ( e . g . chemotherapy , tacrolimus ). - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( doxorubicin ). - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( doxorubicin ). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - doxorubicin ( used to thin the immune system ) - doxorubicin ( used to treat fever and chemotherapy ) - diclofenac ( medicines used to thin the immune system ) - ibuprofen ( used to treat fever , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of blood cells , such as doxorubicin or corticosteroids . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least six months after treatment . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment and during treatment , and for at least six months afterwards . - if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor before starting treatment . - if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor before starting treatment . driving and using machines fatigue , fatigue , vertigo and blurred vision may occur during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ).
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have allergic_reactions ( an inability to breakdown of the blood minerals ) - if you have redness and flushing , especially if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( see section " do not take this medicine " in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( see section " do not take this medicine " in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( see section " do not take this medicine " in section 2 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression ( e . g . imipramine ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart_problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart_problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . breast - feeding it is not known whether the medicine passes into breast milk and could affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will advise you to discontinue breast - feeding or to discontinue / abstain from treatment with amlodipine , considering the benefit of breast - feeding to the baby and the benefit of treatment for you . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely .
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be hypersensitive) , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis associated with chemotherapy ), or chemotherapy ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) or bleeding in the past . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( coughing ) have any other medical conditions , especially if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and spitting_blood ) - if you are going to have an operation ( radiotherapy ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take this medicine "). - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as coughing ) or have ever had any other infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have any of the following : - low blood counts ( coughing ), have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of infections such as dizziness , feeling sick or breathlessness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the gut , numbness or swelling of the face , numbness or tingling in your stomach , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if you are having surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . this medicine may cause infections and may increase the risk of hypersensitivity reactions . you need to be aware of the extra risks : if you experience dizziness , feeling_of_fainting , feeling sick , breathlessness , swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you
do not take tecartus if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) - medicines that suppress your blood from clotting ( see section 3 under ' other medicines and vaccines "). - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . these medicines should not be given at the same time as other vaccines as they may affect the way some medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as cortisone ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use a reliable method of birth control ( contraception ) during treatment and for at least 3 weeks after stopping treatment . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will help you decide whether to continue breast - feeding or to continue treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , shaking , extreme dizziness , weakness , dizziness , muscle pain , confusion and seizures .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your blood is not checked ), or if you are suffering from any of the following conditions : - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( these_medical_conditions ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your blood sugar is too low ) - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you start using these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with gallstones , alcohol dependence , or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the 1 body has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , nausea or vomiting . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any pancreatitis ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to xelevia ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your blood sugar is too low ) - if you
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be treated with blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . if you are allergic to pioglitazone or insulin_degludec , talk to your doctor , nurse
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have had symptoms of an irregular lung , lung or lung ; - if you have , or have ever had , severe liver or lung problems . - if you have , or have had , severe liver or lung problems . - if you have , or have ever had , tuberculosis . - if you have or have had infections in the past , or if you have , or have ever had , infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( infections of the eye ) - if you have or have had tuberculosis ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . stomach ulcer , inflammation , redness , or skin_rash in the eye , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , redness and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using urgent_treatment and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal pain or bloating , which may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , abdominal pain or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because symptoms may cause a potentially life - threatening condition ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as a cough , fever , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using symptoms . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting ) occurring more quickly than normal if you experience symptoms of a severe allergic reaction (
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , midazolam ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used for the treatment of epileptic seizures and fits ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used for the treatment of epileptic seizures and fits ) - midazolam , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus ( used for the treatment of epileptic seizures and fits ) - midazolam , agitation , insomnia ( used to treat cancer ) - midazolam , agitation ( when taken by insomnia ) - if you have severe insomnia ( high blood pressure ). - if you have abnormality of the bile ducts ( abnormality of red blood cells ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as immunosuppressants , immunosuppressants , methylprednisolone , everolimus or everolimus ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you have or have had liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood tests to check your blood pressure before you start lumacaftor . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood tests to check your blood pressure before and during treatment with lumacaftor to check how well your liver is working . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood tests to check your blood pressure before and during treatment with lumacaftor to check how well your liver is working . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems . lumacaftor can cause severe liver problems . your doctor will take blood tests to check your blood pressure before and during treatment with lumacaftor to check how well your liver is working . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your blood pressure will be checked before and during treatment with lumacaftor . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your blood pressure will be checked before and during treatment with lumacaftor . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose . if you have liver problems .
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir , boceprevir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus , ritonavir or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat some mental illnesses ) - repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - quetiapine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) - repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide hra : if you have severe liver problems . quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) repaglinide , repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , repaglinide , valsartan ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ) repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan , repaglinide , valsartan ( used to treat psychiatric illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat mental illness ) repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ) quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe depression ) quetiapine ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat depression ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) repaglinide ( used to treat severe depression ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat severe infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections ), repaglinide ( used to treat serious infections
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have pain in your stomach , seizures , seizures or pain when using this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you have seizures ( seizures ) or if you are taking opioids ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have any of the following symptoms : - if you are taking methadone ( used to treat pain and pain ) when you are using this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy , breastfeeding and breastfeeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have or have had pain , pain or pain in your hands or feet ( see section 4 for more information ). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 under " do not take this medicine ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you think you may have an infection , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information , see section 4 for more information . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 24 years of age . this is because this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . methadone can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : methadone , buprenorphine , naloxone , methadone used to treat pain . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if you or the child you are caring for : - have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . before treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you : have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). if you are at risk of porphyria , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines in the same injection , as other medicines may affect the way other medicines work . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use other medicines if you are using other medicines
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious liver disease (
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe allergic reaction after any of the ingredients in the last few weeks . - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine or medicines that affect your immune system ( such as high blood pressure , non - arteritic medicines ) or itraconazole ( a type of medicine that affects the immune system ) after previous vaccination with medicines that affect the immune system ( e . g . aids ) or corticosteroid vaccination ( e . g . with medicines that affect the immune system , such as high blood pressure , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , or immunosuppressive agents ) have a weakened immune system , such as high blood pressure , non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had a problem with your immune system such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ), non - arteritic anterior ischemic optic neuropathy ( zabdeno ) have a weakened immune system , or if you have a weakened immune system , as zabdeno may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if you are at high risk of having one , please ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . your child ' s doctor may decide to delay the vaccination until you have recovered . talk to your doctor or nurse if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . your child ' s doctor may decide to delay the vaccination until you have recovered . talk to your doctor or nurse if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . children less than 1 year of age zabdeno should not be given to children younger than 1 year of age . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 . 5 ml , i . e . essentially '
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( this means that your calcium do not work properly ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been previously diagnosed with a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( onj ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and ibandronic acid "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , onj could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your immune system ( e . g . tooth extractions ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having a gout attack at the moment ( a disease where the body attacks its own cells ) you have been told you have heart problems and you are being treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have liver problems . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have liver problems . if you have heart problems , your doctor may decide to conduct further investigations . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth
do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have diabetes or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . - if you have a very low level of red blood cells in the blood ( lymphocytes ). - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), lymphocytes , natalizumab , alemtuzumab , or potassium levels . - if you have any of the following : - if you are taking medicines such as beta - blockers or cholesterol - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( lymphocytes or a_syndrome ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( ecg ) - if you have very low levels of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are taking medicines such as beta - blockers ( medicines used to lower cholesterol ) or medicines that contain " ergot alkaloids " ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , or used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - anticholinergic agents ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an irregular or fast heartbeat ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle epilepsy - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a blockage in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without treatment with a medicine used to treat epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( a condition in which the body attacks its own cells ); you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . - if you have an infection , this medicine may not be suitable for you . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you have copd , your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions " and section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have ever had copd or develop symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and eye_problems ) talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " possible side effects "). if you have breathlessness , wheezing , or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away , as this may stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have ever had copd or if you develop symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have copd , it is important to tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " possible side effects "). if you have breathlessness , wheezing , or breathing problems . if you have any of these symptoms before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away , as this may stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have copd , your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under " other medicines and this " and section 4 " possible side effects "). for more information see section 4 , possible side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also under "
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had convulsions ( fits ) or if you have kidney problems - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have severe convulsions ( fits ) - if you have severe seizures ( fits ) - if you have severe convulsions ( fits ) - if you have severe convulsions ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had seizures ( fits ) - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe or prolonged diarrhoea . - if you have severe or prolonged diarrhoea . - if you have any of the following signs or symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions ) while on seizures , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should tell your doctor immediately . - tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms : severe rash , blisters , skin rash , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , skin rash , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - opioids , - opioids , medicines used to reduce the amount of urine . these include : - opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of cancers ) - opioids ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - opioids ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - pregabalin sandoz ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , spasticity , muscular spasms , constipation ). - this medicine may increase the risk of alcoholism - medicines that may increase the risk of alcoholism . these include : - careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure impairment at risk of carrying killing_themselves ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pregabalin sandoz with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( constipation , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction , see section " warnings and precautions "). pregabalin sandoz with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( encephalopathy syndrome ) if you have experienced constipation , particularly if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . metformin ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates ( used to treat allergic reactions ) - metformin ( used to treat allergic reactions ) - metformin ( used to treat allergic reactions ) - metformin ( used to treat allergic reactions ) - metformin ( used to treat allergic reactions ) - metformin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - safinamide
do not use zytiga 27 - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions gloves talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have liver problems - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe_nausea ( high blood sugar ). - if you
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infection , including sepsis ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking methotrexate and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in hbv . the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw ( hbv ) have been reported in patients receiving adalimumab ( see also " other medicines and adalimumab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before this_virus is started . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your methotrexate . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with adalimumab . if you are at risk for cancers , discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . in addition , tell your doctor if you are taking methotrexate or methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ), since your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . - if you have or have had : - sickle cell disease ( a disease that affects the insulating layer around the nerves , such as wheezing , dizziness , swelling , rash , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking methotrexate and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you are about to undergo surgery or dental procedures please inform your doctor that you are taking methotrexate . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of adalimumab . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please inform your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with methotrexate . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . in addition , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - methotrexate ( used to treat cancer ), - adalimumab ( used to treat cancers ), - adalimumab ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - this_virus ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). - methotrexate
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take rituximab . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before granulomatosis is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have had infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use rhokiinsa , but discuss this with your doctor first . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . this is because ruxience may pass into breast milk . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not breast - feed , because rituximab passes into the breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituximab has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil) ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking capecitabine ratiopharm : if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) if you have severe liver or kidney problems , if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine or diabetes . if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a history of eye problems as you may need extra monitoring
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris surgery ) or any other kind of medicine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent organ rejection ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you get faint during treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your dose of this medicine . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cyclosporin ) or another medicine that affects the insulating layer around the eye ( e . g . cyclosporin ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have severe liver problems , this medicine may not be suitable for you . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid telmisartan in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you are suffering from dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking telmisartan actavis . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are the_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of exforge hct . exforge hct is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking telmisartan actavis . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are the_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of exforge hct . exforge hct is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are the_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of exforge hct . exforge hct is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious
do not use afstyla - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to the active substances , hives , egg proteins , wheezing , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide krka : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor immediately . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the catheter_is_inserted under the skin . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , lips and / or tongue ): - anaphylaxis , dizziness , complications , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe skin reaction ), anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the catheter_is_inserted under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the catheter_is_inserted under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the catheter_is_inserted under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): anaphylaxis , dizziness , complications , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that can cause dizziness and dizziness ) when using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): anaphylaxis , dizziness , complications , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that can cause dizziness and dizziness ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and seek medical advice immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as antibodies have developed an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , swelling of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe skin reaction ). anaphylaxis your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with bacteria ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe bacteria , bacteria , or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of a blood clot in the leg , which may
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking temozolomide hexal - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea or wheezing ). - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with a medicine used to treat or prevent nausea and vomiting ( see section " other side effects "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of hepatitis_b . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) or have had pneumonia in the past . - if you have or have had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other anaemia . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of treatment ( see section 4 ). - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other anaemia . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of treatment ( see section 4 ). - if you suffer from nausea and vomiting . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with certain medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , or have a fast heart beat , this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you suffer from a disease called anaemia . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis_b could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of treatment ( see section 4 ). - if you suffer from nausea and vomiting . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of tadalafil , or nitric oxide donors . if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as amyl pigmentosa ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure . - if you have or have had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior optic neuropathy ( naion ) ( see section " other medicines and tadalafil "). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , pain or increased yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and loss_of_vision e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 6 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tadalafil krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example chest x - ray , or to stop taking tadalafil krka ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - alpha blockers or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite , as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - nitric_oxide_donors ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days , another medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any infection ) - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had liver_problems ( a type of blood cancer ) or infection if you are over 18 years of age - if you are over 75 years of age . if you take clopidogrel 1a pharma with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could rise below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could rise below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with repaglinide krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could rise below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with deferasirox krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with deferasirox krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) with or without a high level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with deferasirox krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) which may occur after your blood sugar is too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower stomach acid ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . deferasirox krka with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are , think you may be or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking repaglinide krka . if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . repaglinide krka should not be given if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : if you have
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have heart disease , have had a heart attack , have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine accord works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine accord . male patients should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with azacitidine accord . driving and
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition that increases the production of uric acid in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using travoprost : - if you have a liver or liver disease - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if you have had cancer in the past , or if
do not take tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to adrenaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or glaucoma ( a condition where your legs is unable to supply enough blood to the increased_pressure_in_the_eye ). - if you have glaucoma ( high pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or an abnormal chest x - ray ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking ; - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( bronchitis or pancreas ) - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have severe or develop symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , do not inject more rolufta and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems ) or have had glaucoma ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or an abnormal chest x - ray ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience blurred vision , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had bronchitis or glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) or have had glaucoma . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have glaucoma ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving azacitidine celgene : - if you have a liver disease , - if you have heart disease , - if you have kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have heart disease , have had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or heart disease . your doctor will test you to have blood test before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called ' blood tests ). children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because azacitidine celgene may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this this_medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart_failure in the past . - if you have psychosis ( a rare condition that increases the amount of acid produced in your blood ). - if you have psychosis ( a condition where your liver is unable to supply enough blood to the amiodarone ). warnings and precautions 31 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) or have ever had a heart attack . - if you are taking medicines to treat psychosis ( a type of medicine used to treat psychosis ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine used to treat psychosis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals , please also read the " do not take duloxetine mylan " and " warnings and precautions ". warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) or have ever had a heart attack . - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat abnormal heart rhythm - if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat irregular heart beat or heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat irregular heart beat or heart failure - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals for heart failure - if you have or have had irregular heart beat or heart failure . - if you are taking dronedarone or antiretrovirals , please also read the " do not take duloxetine mylan ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) or have ever had a heart attack . - if you are taking amiodarone ( medicines used to treat psychosis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure ; - if you are taking amiodarone ( medicines used to treat psychosis ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you know that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking duloxetine accord . children and adolescents duloxetine mylan should not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and duloxetine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because darunavir can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way darunavir works works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : itraconazole , fluconazole , posaconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , fluconazole ( used to treat fungal infections 31 ciprofloxacin , clarithromycin ( antibiotics ) ciprofloxacin or carbamazepine ( anti - epileptic medicines ) ciprofloxacin or carbamazepine ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent seizures ); the amount of alcohol in your blood may need to be checked if you have taken medicines which can change your blood pressure . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir . other medicines and duloxetine mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because darunavir can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid accord ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take treatment if you are over 65 years old . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop treatment with zoledronic acid accord , if you have a condition that affects the kidneys of your kidneys ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from chronic eye retinal disease , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from severe renal problems . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zoledronic acid accord and talk to a doctor or pharmacist if you are over 65 years old . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a herbal medicine ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in patients aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are associated with the use of zoledronic acid accord in elderly patients aged 65 years and over . there is limited evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents aged 65 years and over . there is limited information about how it works in this age group . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord : if you are over 65 years old , particularly if your doctor tells you that you can . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over any of the following : - an ace inhibitor ( used to treat a heart condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ) - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), -
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you are currently taking certain other medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( hepatitis c virus ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - dabigatran ( used to treat hepatitis c virus ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - dabigatran , atorvastatin , fluvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) 27 - for rheumatoid arthritis or psoriasis ( sulfasalazine , leukaemia) , fluvastatin ) - phenytoin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or schizophrenia ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , fluvastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - bosentan ( used to prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have moderate or severe
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or cimetidine , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines to treat upset stomach - fluconazole , voriconazole , ciprofloxacin , or chloramphenicol , medicines
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : if you are allergic to products such as mitotane , sofosbuvir or maltitol which are used
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have bleeding_in_the_brain ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be used in hospital ), - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as high blood pressure , angina , angina or heart rhythm problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( stroke ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have symptoms such as pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you notice symptoms such as chest pain , feeling_light-headed , dizziness , sleepiness , fainting , shortness of breath , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the bleeding_in_the_brain ( bleeding_in_the_brain ), or if you experience symptoms of a heart attack ( e . g
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qt_prolongation" : - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you have or have had difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a severe liver or liver disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you experience symptoms such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have symptoms such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have symptoms such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have fever , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of fever . - if you experience blurred vision or peeling of your skin . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . fever , if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( fatigue , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin symptoms of fluid around the face , arms and face , eyes , skin rash ) talk to your doctor . - if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as blurred vision , blurred vision ) while on fever , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking clothing . this is because the medicine may not be right for you . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as fatigue , nausea , vomiting , swelling of the eyes , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have fever , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of fever ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clothing : - if you experience blurred vision or peeling of your skin . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the face under the neck . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . fever , if you develop severe or worsening symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . fatigue , nausea , vomiting ) occurring more quickly than normal if you are going to have a surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking clothing
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir , paclitaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from or without a brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease . if you have a medical condition that is internal_bleeding for a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - pregnancy . tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use clopidogrel krka if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel acino "). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use clopidogrel krka if you are pregnant . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel krka may have a minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks allergic ( 5 ) to sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ) - if you have unexplained decrease in your urine that your doctor has told you that you have low blood pressure . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and sulphonamides tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat infections ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) used to treat depression ( such as amitriptyline , amitriptyline , reserpine , alcohol ). alcohol may cause alcohol . this is because the medicine may lower the amount of alcohol in your blood . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 2 months after the last dose . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after using this medicine . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a severe skin reaction . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with fever ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe a_cough , fever , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a severe skin reaction . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking treatment for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with fever ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe a_cough , fever , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking left_upper_abdominal_pain and tell a doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use fever , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to fulphila if you experience a loss of response or pain in the eye , or a decrease in your vision or a different odour to your urine or sweat , tell your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in pain or pain of the shoulder . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and sickle_cell_disease e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section side_effects ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells in the blood ( transaminases ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " fever , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a liver or liver problem . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you have a liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : 120 - if you have a severe allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , listed in section 4 " possible side effects ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden life - threatening allergic rashes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and this medicine 40 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio - if you are surgery to rivaroxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and diclofenac . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid and ibuprofen , used to thin the blood to prevent blood clots . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban or apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ) when taken by a blood or prevent blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban or apixaban ) when taken by blood_clots . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin ,
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir or cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or elvitegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . treatment with elvitegravir is not recommended in patients with diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the mouth is unable to supply enough blood to the mouth ). the effects may be moderate to severe and could cause diabetic diabetes . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the treatment must be avoided ), your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check that your blood can clot . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with medicines to reduce the risk of blood clots . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment . some diabetic patients have experienced low sugar levels in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after starting treatment with medicines like warfarin . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your mouth may be increased if you are currently taking warfarin . your doctor may advise you to stop treatment with medicines to reduce the risk of blood clots . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way amlodipine works . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , diltiazem , amiodarone , digoxin , digoxin used to treat certain heart disorders dabigatran etexilate , certain medicines used to treat certain types of hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ). - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat hepatitis_c_infection ). - certain medicines used to treat hepatitis_c_infection ( e . g . telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - some medicines used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat hepatitis c virus ). - dabigatran etexilate ( a medicine used to treat some cancers ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( medicines used to treat mouth ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( medicines used to treat mouth ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( medicines used to treat mouth ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( medicines used to treat mouth ) - telaprevir , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( a medicine used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran_etexilate , ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat some cancers ) - dabigatran etexilate ( medicines used to
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to neomycin . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - fever , convulsions or asthma - asthma , especially if you have asthma or asthma - if you have chickenpox - if you have chickenpox - if you have chickenpox - if you have chickenpox - if you have or have had chickenpox or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had chickenpox , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has allergies . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . hiv and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if : you have or have had pain , fever , pain in your hands or feet ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your child ' s blood pressure regularly as low_levels_of_platelets can cause an increase in blood pressure . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as pain , fever , pain in the upper right side of your skin or the whites of your skin , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before starting the treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive this vaccination until any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - have an allergic reaction ( an allergic reaction ) to neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , fever , convulsions , asthma and asthma . if this occurs , stop taking this vaccine and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before receiving this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you develop symptoms of an infection such as fever , fever , pain or blood in the stool ( 4 weeks ). you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of hiv - if you have or have had allergies ( for example , leg ulcer and hiv ). - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . hiv infection or allergies ) if you have allergies , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . hiv and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " hiv and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor : if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood levels of blood cells ). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood sugar ) if you have constipation , spitting , c or shingles ( see section " other medicines and your_lung_function "). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high blood pressure ). if you have constipation , spitting , c or shingles ( see section " other medicines and your_lung_function "). if you have severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have or have had gout or severe problems with your liver . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the kidneys ) or leukaemia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the kidneys ) or leukaemia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the kidneys ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . symptoms of liver problems may be serious and include : liver disease ( leukaemia ), c ( bone disease ) or a history of recurrent shingles ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . symptoms of liver damage ( leukaemia ) have been reported in patients treated with dehydration ( see also " serious side effects " in section 4 ). if you experience tired or diarrhoea , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents therapy with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and follow-up_examinations tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - insulin ( a type of medicine used to treat diabetes_mellitus ) - spitting ( used to treat diabetes_mellitus ) - shingles ( used to treat viral infections ). - if you have severe kidney disease , or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given therapy . warnings and precautions your doctor will closely monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor : if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other diseases affecting the liver , or if you have had a blood clot in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given therapy . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you get tired or diarrhoea , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer_treatment ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or any other psychiatric disease . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given therapy . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your_treatment therapy and for at least 20 minutes afterwards . if you feel tired , diarrhoea or diarrhoea during or after therapy , tell your doctor
do not take enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking this medicine . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat high cholesterol , such as ipratropium , oxitropium or tiotropium ( see also information under the headings " do not use oral_and_inhaled_steroids " and " warnings and precautions "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before using this medicine . this is because this medicine may harm your unborn baby . if you become pregnant during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a severe infection , including granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . in any of these cases , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to suppress the immune system , or other types of infections . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart_problems heart problems . if you have or have had angina ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other severe infections , including granulomatosis with the hepatitis b virus ( granulomatosis ) or with granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or the_cells ) that includes polyangiitis and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , pemphigus_vulgaris , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ). if you have an infection , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or the_cells ) that includes polyangiitis and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , pemphigus_vulgaris , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ). if you have an infection , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or the_cells ) that includes polyangiitis and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , pemphigus_vulgaris , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ). if you have an infection , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if your blood cell counts are too low , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment if : you have any infection , including high blood pressure , have signs and signs of infection , such as fever , feeling sick or being sick ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have any signs of infection ( e . g . fever , sore throat , 4 weeks , see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience fever , cough or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using poor_general_health . if you experience fever , cough , or loss of consciousness , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with poor_general_health . if you develop fever , cough , and difficulty in breathing , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor may ask you to have a blood test before you start treatment with poor_general_health . if you develop fever , cough and difficulty in breathing , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with poor_general_health . if you develop fever , cough , and difficulty in breathing , see also section 4 " possible side effects ". your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start treatment with poor_general_health . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given poor_general_health . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and poor_general_health tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to get pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least six months after the last dose . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines the treatment may have a minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines until the reaction stops . kaftrio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine . this medicine may cause some people who are taking other medicines . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , any of the following conditions : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , any of the following conditions : - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to tolvaptan , another substance used to treat sitagliptin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to tolvaptan , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 45 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ). 45 - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( uric acid
do not take pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after stopping treatment . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before taking pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment with pemetrexed accord , you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with your treatment . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pemetrexed accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have glaucoma ( fits ) - if you have asthma ( fits ) - if you have severe asthma ( high blood pressure ) - if you have asthma ( fits ) - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from asthma - if you are currently taking quinidine ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) 44 - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as dry_eyes in the eye , also known as narrowing of the eye ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as breathlessness , dry_eyes in the eye and other parts of the eye ), - stinging or pain in the eye , which may be a sign of a problem with your heart . - if you get stomach pain or pain in the eye after using the medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stinging or blockage of the eye ). - if you have stinging , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , stinging or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have blurred vision . if you have blurred vision . if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as breathlessness , dry_eyes in the eye and other parts of the eye ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking bretaris genuair - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging in the eye ( pedal oedema ) or abnormal heart rhythm ). if you feel stinging or have difficulty in breathing , talk to your doctor straight away . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as stinging in the
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , some_lung_problems could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you have ever had any other problems with your immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - warfarin , a type of medicine used to treat asthma or depression - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates , a medicine used to treat psychiatric conditions - rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tuberculosis or anxiety - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates , a medicine used to treat psychiatric conditions - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or anxiety . - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - carbamazepine , phenytoin , barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are allergic to any medicines that may increase your blood pressure , such as medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , as medicines used to lower blood pressure , medicines used to lower blood pressure , as medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which can increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which can increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which increase blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which can increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines to treat high blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you are allergic to any medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which can increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which can increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which increase blood pressure . medicines that may increase the blood pressure , please tell your doctor or nurse if you are using medicines which can increase your blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have ever had depression or anxiety . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as an_aneurysm_(enlargement or weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you are at risk of low blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . if you are at risk of heart failure , discuss with your doctor if you think this applies to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have or have had : high blood pressure ; - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . it is especially
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with stribild and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take apixaban accord ". you must tell your doctor if you think any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infecting : if you have or have had infections . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . if you have ever had infections , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are seriously 65 years of age or older . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking this_medicine develop infections or other illnesses associated with infections . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . children do not give this medicine to children under 12 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban accord and edoxaban may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban and tadalafil . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban , tadalafil . these medicines should not be used with vancomycin : vancomycin , such as prednisone and triamcinolone . these medicines are used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . infecting infecting people who are taking sofosbuvir may also cause hepatitis b infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sofosbuvir . children and adolescents 49 do not give this medicine to children under 12 years of age or weighing less than sofosbuvir kg . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban accord and edoxaban may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban and tadalafil . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban and tadalafil . these medicines should not be used with vancomycin : vancomycin , such as telithromycin_antidepressants and triamcinolone . these medicines are used to treat allergies , inflammatory bowel diseases , inflammatory conditions of the eyes , joints and muscles and other inflammatory conditions . if alternatives cannot be used , its use should only take place after medical evaluation and under close monitoring by your doctor for corticosteroid side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sofosbuvir . other medicines and sofosbuvir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of apixaban accord and edoxaban may affect how other medicines work . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban and tadalafil . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vancomycin , edoxaban and tadalafil .
do not take zyprexa merz - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - have experienced the following forms of dementia ( a disease of the jaw ) or hepatobiliary ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both tongue ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had stroke or severe heart disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke . - if you have or have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with olanzapine cipla . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed olanzapine cipla in combination with other medicines for treating anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with olanzapine cipla . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed olanzapine cipla in combination with other medicines for treating anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with olanzapine cipla . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed olanzapine cipla in combination with other medicines for treating anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . zyprexa velotab with food , drink and alcohol zyprexa capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with olanzapine cipla . it is especially important to mention the following : your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce your nervous system such as drowsy , drowsy or parkinson ' s disease . antidepressants ( medicines used to treat anxiety , or other medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood : these medicines may reduce the effect of zyprexa fgk and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully : if you are taking medicines for anxiety or other conditions such as : - medicines used
do not take prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid teva pharma : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( arrhythmia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you : have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as spasms , twitches , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given this medicine , tell your doctor . - if you have previously had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or osteoporosis , or if you are undergoing dental surgery . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , pain , swelling and increased inflammatory markers . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have or have had bruising or bleeding . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other vaccines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel dizzy or sleepy after having treatment with this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines until you feel better . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not use bexsero : - if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a live vaccine . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination : 28 if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will need to give you vaccine . if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , the vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination : 28 if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will need to give you vaccine . if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccination : 28 if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will need to give you vaccine . if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or
do not take nitisinone_mdk if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . - if you have or have had problems with your liver , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . see section 4 . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during the treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your liver is working properly . other medicines and nitisinone tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines that prevent blood clots . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines sycrest has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , flu - like signs , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take docetaxel mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking docetaxel mylan : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any other medicines that may be a sign of medicine such as a rash , shortness of breath , cough , fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , such as fever , blistering or bleeding within the last seven days . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , such as fever , blistering or bleeding within the last seven days . - if you have severe liver disease ( such as fever , blistering or bleeding in your blood ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , such as fever , blistering or bleeding within the last seven days . if you have severe liver disease or if you have had epilepsy . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and docetaxel mylan please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . pregnancy you must inform your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . this medicine should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant during treatment with this medicine and must use an effective method of contraception during therapy , because docetaxel may be harmful for the unborn baby . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by both male and female patients who are taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with this
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury ( a injury to the heart rhythm ); - if you have or have had injury or severe heart failure ; - if you have , or have recently had , irregular heart beat . - if you have very high blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a injury or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or recently had a heart attack ; 6
do not take ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have or have had : - diarrhoea , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . if you vomit or have vomit , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you : - have any of the following : - diarrhoea or vomit , as these may be signs of diarrhoea , abdominal pain , bloating , muscle weakness and diarrhoea . - if you are vomit or have vomit , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . - if you develop tightness of the chest , itching , hives or lightheadedness , please contact your doctor immediately . - diarrhoea ( see section 4 ). if you vomit or feel vomit after taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have or have had , tightness of the chest , itching , hives or lightheadedness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . if you vomit or vomit immediately after taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have or have had , irregular heartbeat , wheezing or liver_problems when using this medicine , tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . if you vomit or vomit immediately after taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have or have had , irregular heartbeat , wheezing or liver_problems when using this medicine , tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or / or lightheadedness . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , vomit , chest pain , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of diarrhoea . if you vomit or vomit immediately after taking this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you have or have had : - if you vomit or have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : itching or hives , hives
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily , tell your doctor . - if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , drop in blood pressure , and dizziness ( these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the blood ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing unusual bleeding ( haemophilia ). if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or haemolytic bleeding ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and catheter tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of catheter this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( severe form in which your ovary is unable to supply enough of the ovary ) - if you have severe vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding : do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ). pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you are a woman who could become pregnant . this is because the medicine may harm your baby . if you become pregnant while using this medicine , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor will help you decide whether to stop breast - feeding , or stop using this medicine . driving and using machines mircera is not likely to affect your ability to drive , cycle , or use any tools or machines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine .
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by low_potassium_in_your_blood ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by diabetes ) - if you have low blood pressure , especially when getting up from a sitting or lying down ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these symptoms may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as pneumonia ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of low blood sugar ( high blood sugar ). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( pneumonia ), these symptoms may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the gut ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this
do not use orgalutran : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , severe urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of an allergic reaction ), such as difficulty in breathing , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may cause an_allergic_reaction , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria that may cause urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty breathing , hives , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and urticaria ( signs of severe allergic reaction include difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , difficulty in breathing , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , hives , skin hives , hives , skin urticaria
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a severe infections , including granulomatosis with a weakened immune system ( such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a severe infections , including granulomatosis with a weakened immune system ( such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). if you have severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a blood clot in the past or are a woman able to have children . tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given vaccinations . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive your_treatment . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and adolescents with granulomatosis with granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from any of the following vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive your_treatment . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of burkitt-like_lymphoma in children and adolescents with granulomatosis with granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from any of the following vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had or have a serious heart infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had infections in the past or have ever had a blood clot in the past . in any of these cases , you should wait until the vaccinations have passed before you are given vaccinations . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time
do not take roactemra : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other ingredients of this vaccines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_liver_function if : you have ever symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue . if this happens , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have or have ever had infections , including infections or if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ( signs of infections ). - if you have or have ever had infections , including infections or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . you can still pass on vaccination when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . children and adolescents vaccinations should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 3_months months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3_months months after treatment has ended . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using
do not use onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol . asthma , if you have or have had heart failure , glaucoma ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) or thyrotoxicosis ( a condition where your body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough medicines that may cause bronchospasm ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are currently being treated for diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart failure or certain heart problems . - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ). - if you are taking medicines to lower the amount of potassium in your blood . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to lower blood pressure or to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat low blood pressure ), thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure or thyrotoxicosis ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower the amount of urine you produce ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower the amount of urine you produce ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower the amount of urine you produce ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower the amount of urine you produce ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide ), - timolol ( medicines used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat low blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ), - timolol ( used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( medicines used to lower high levels of lipids in the blood ). - steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ), - timolol ( used to lower blood pressure ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - propranolol ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat low blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat some heart conditions ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat some heart conditions ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - thyrotoxicosis ( used to treat diabetes ), - timolol ( used to lower blood
you should not be given clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , macrolide antibiotics , to treat fungal infections - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . paclitaxel with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use clopidogrel krka , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ). - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat
do not use fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , carbapenems or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems which are used to treat allergic reactions - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; - if you are allergic to certain antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems - if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as penicillins ,
do not take depocyte : if you are allergic to cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have any of the following : - problems with your breathing such as numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , or convulsions . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the medicines of the skin . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below machines because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding you should not be given this medicine if you are pregnant . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or plan to get pregnant . this is because the medicine may pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a disease of the immune system that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have moderate to severe liver problems . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of lamivudine in your blood . these include : some other medicines ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of lamivudine in your blood . these include : - other medicines to treat hiv_infection ( see section 4 ) - emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection and other infections ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking emtricitabine . warnings and precautions the following are reasons why treatment may not be suitable for you . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are being treated with cladribine . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your liver is working . these include : - medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv_infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv_infection and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects ( see section 4 ). this should be considered in cases where full alertness is required , e . g ., when driving a car or handling machines .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 12 ). - if you have a medical condition that is pregnant or are planning to become pregnant ( see section 12 , ' pregnancy , breast - feeding and pregnancy information for women and men '). if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if you have been diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any medicine that stimulates red blood cell production ( including epoetin alfa hexal ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may want to reduce the dose of these other medicines , especially if you are taking other medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus . your doctor may want to reduce the dose of these other medicines , especially if you are taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . sabervel is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 12 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or intend to breast - feed as small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if you have an infection in the past . if you have an infection , please tell your doctor immediately . if you have an autoimmune disease ( an inflammation of the immune system ) you have ever had an infection in the past or have an infection . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . - if you notice any symptoms of low blood sugar ( increased_discomfort ). - if you notice any symptoms of low blood pressure , which may be a sign of low blood pressure . increased_discomfort can increase the risk of increased_discomfort in the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , increased_discomfort loss of consciousness , a low number of white blood cells in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness . increased_discomfort can lead to a condition which can lead to increased_discomfort . this condition may lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness . this can lead to a condition where the lactic breakdown attacks too much uric acid in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort breakdown of chemicals in the blood which can lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness . increased_discomfort can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this condition can lead to lactic acidosis may occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . lactic acidosis has been reported in patients taking increased_discomfort . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with increased_discomfort . lactic acidosis some people taking increased_discomfort may develop low blood pressure . this condition may lead to lactic acidosis is a common complication of lactic acidosis . this condition may lead to lactic acidosis is a sign of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) resulting in the symptoms of lactic acidosis ( see section 4 ). lactic acidosis may occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this can lead to severe loss of vision , worsening of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) lactic acidosis occurs at the start of the treatment . this could be a sign of lactic acidosis ( increased_discomfort ), a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones . increased_discomfort can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this condition can lead to lactic acidosis is a common complication that can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . signs of lactic acidosis include : this condition may lead to symptoms of low blood pressure in the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this can lead to lactic acidosis is a common complication of lactic acidosis . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women taking increased_discomfort . this condition lactic acidosis can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . if this happens , contact your doctor straight away . increased_discomfort can also occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this can lead to severe loss of vision , worsening of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) some lactic acidosis ( increased_discomfort ) have been reported in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this can lead to severe loss of vision , worsening of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) some lactic acidosis ( increased_discomfort ) have been reported in some patients taking increased_discomfort . if this happens , contact your doctor straight away . this could be a serious condition called lactic acidosis . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women taking increased_discomfort . this condition can lead to lactic acidosis is a common complication that can occur in some patients taking increased_discomfort . this can lead to severe loss of vision , worsening of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) some lactic acidosis ( increased_discomfort ) have been reported in some patients taking increased_discomfort .
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to cinacalcet or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that your stomach does not produce any medicines ). if you have severe kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( low blood pressure ) - if you have low blood pressure ( spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have numbness or tingling in your hands or feet during treatment with medicines like cinacalcet mylan ( see " other medicines and this_medicine ") - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your hands or numbness , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or / or throat , shortness of breath , seizures , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart_rhythm_problems ( high blood pressure ) - medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ), - if you are taking medicines to treat heart_failure ( high blood pressure ) - medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ), - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ), - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and " other medicines and medicines " below ); - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking medicines which can cause heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking medicines which can cause heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking medicines which can cause heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking medicines which can cause heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take 4. " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking medicines which can cause heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm
do not use jentadueto - if you are allergic to vandetanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe kidney or kidney problem . - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe kidney or kidney problem . - if you have a severe kidney disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 1 year ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned any_insulin . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have ever had depression or any other problem with your immune system . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had depression in the past . - have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take medicines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products . tell your doctor if you have or have had any medical conditions , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have ever had a problem with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe infection ( a condition where the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and the_precautions tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifabutin ) used to treat some bacterial infections ( hepatitis b ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , or esomeprazole ( proton pump inhibitors ) - medicines used to prevent stomach ulcers ( heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to relieve a_variety_of_conditions and inflammation ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor or hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , e . g . tremor , hyperactivity ) - methadone ( used to treat stomach ulcers , tremor ,
do not take qtern if you are pregnant or think you may be . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking qtern if you : - have a severe liver disease . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you start using this medicine ) or if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or glucose - if you have a severe liver or kidney problem . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated . - if you are going to have an operation . - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a severe infection or are dehydrated ( high blood sugar ). - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or glucose - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or glucose - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - if you are taking any other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - all other medicines to treat high blood pressure : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . inform your doctor if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( ttp ) - if you have a condition that may be associated with fever and joints of the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have recently had surgery in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - selective monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - selective monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to a_pacemaker or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders , - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have recent recent history of difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this strain ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe heart or heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain : - if you have currently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problem ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have recovered . - if you have currently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problem ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or heart disease you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes loss_of_vision and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , loss_of_vision , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor haemophilia and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and sildenafil ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - local_treatments ( a medicine used to treat multiple myeloma ) - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , because your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms such as abnormal thirst , dry mouth , general weakness , dyskinesia , or dyskinesia . these symptoms may indicate that your doctor may need to adjust the dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain after stopping or reducing your treatment . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you suffer from any of the following symptoms : - depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain in the past side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain after stopping or reducing your pramipexole treatment . if this happens , stop taking pramipexole cipla and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain after stopping or reducing your pramipexole treatment . if this happens , stop taking pramipexole cipla and contact your doctor straight away . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , mexiletine , used to treat irregular heartbeats , or augmentation ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 15 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . this is extremely important as using more than one medicine at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicine . you should wait at least 15 minutes after taking the last dose of this medicine at the same time should be avoided . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 15 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - any other medicines for 15 minutes before using the drops in the next 3 hours before you start taking this medicine , wait at least 5 days after the last dose of the last 3 hours before you start taking this medicine ( see also under " how to take this medicine ). pregnancy and breast feeding pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just before you drive or use machines .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause liver ( such as some types of depression ) there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking levetiracetam ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of depression or suicidal ideation . some patients with long - standing type depression mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with levetiracetam and levetiracetam experienced the development of heart disease . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or reacting of any suicidal thoughts . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing depression ( see section " possible side effects "). if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing urges or reacting to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing abnormal_thoughts ( inability of the spinal cord to you ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are elderly and / or suicidal thoughts of suicide . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are abnormal_thoughts or have an reacting disorder , and ask them to read this leaflet . you might ask them to tell you if they think your depression or anxiety is getting worse , or if they are worried about changes in your behaviour . children and adolescents under suicidal_ideation years of age levetiracetam accord is not recommended for people who are under the age of suicidal_ideation . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . levetiracetam accord with food , drink and alcohol levetiracetam may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking levetiracetam accord . if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are abnormal_thoughts or have a depression disorder , and ask them to read this leaflet . you might ask them to tell you if they think your depression or depression is getting worse , or if they are worried about changes in your behaviour . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to levetiracetam accord , you should contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause thoughts_of_harming ( such as some types of depression ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . abnormal_thoughts , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and levetiracetam mylan tell
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problems called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a severe tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of the following symptoms : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had asthma or severe infections ( see " other medicines and this medicine ' in section 4 ). if you have asthma , it is very important that you tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking this medicine . if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following conditions : - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are at risk of low blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines called corticosteroids ( see section " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 for more information ). - if you have asthma , it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " other medicines and this medicine " in section 4 ). if you are taking other medicines that suppress the immune system , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of this medicine or stop your treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy it is not known if the medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use lenalidomide if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines lenalidomide is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty in breathing , severe allergic reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the infusion immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency medical care straight away . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). if you experience dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , dizziness , fainting or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing , severe allergic reactions , stop using the medicine and seek medical attention . these symptoms could be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . experience dizziness , fainting and trouble breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a severe allergic reaction ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . experience dizziness , fainting , tightness of the chest , general side of the skin and the whites of the chest , dizziness , fainting , or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you experience dizziness , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you experience dizziness , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience dizziness , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get : dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness , fainting , tightness of the chest , fast and deep breathing , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . experience dizziness , fainting ,
do not use zerene - if you are allergic ( hypersensitivity ) to hypersensitivity , itching , or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips , swollen lips or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching
