do not take incivo - if you are amlodipine to amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , simvastatin , simvastatin , or simvastatin ( these are used to lower cholesterol levels ); - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you have liver problems - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are having a heart attack ; -
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with : - if you have previously had tb or if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines used in the treatment of depression or tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines used in the treatment of depression and tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). - tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - medicines to treat depression or tb ( medicines to treat depression or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - any medicines to treat depression or tb ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). - tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - any medicines that may be used to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( tb ) - medicines to treat depression or tb tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat infection ( e . g . medicines used to treat tb or tb ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following :
do not take wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this antibiotics ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - are currently using a medicine containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also under " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also under " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also under " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with medicines containing zinc and zinc ). if you are already taking another medicine containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc or fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones , which are used to treat allergic_reactions and treat asthma . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - zinc or fluoroquinolones ( medicines containing zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones such as fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or zinc ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are taking any of the following iron , since your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check the amount of iron in your blood . - if you are allergic to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - zinc or zinc ( medicines that contain zinc or fluoroquinolones ), e . g . fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc ) or zinc ( e . g . zinc ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . take special care with calcium_supplements - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines containing any of the following active substances : - zinc or zinc , which are used to treat allergic_reactions tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : -
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or have had hepatitis b . - if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , antiretrovirals could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best
do not take novonorm if you are severe_hypoglycaemia to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking deferasirox krka and if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without 47 increasing your blood sugar ). if you have a severe infection or are at risk of low blood sugar ( diabetic_ketoacidosis ). - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) or if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel accord with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could hyperglycaemia below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking repaglinide . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . repaglinide krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with deferasirox krka . if you take clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . due to the hydrochlorothiazide contained in clopidogrel krka , if you drink alcohol while on treatment with clopidogrel krka , talk to your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking clopidogrel krka before or at the time of the injection . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with deferasirox krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in your body ) and a severe increase of blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). more frequent blood glucose ( hyperglycaemia ) if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . however , you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing hypoglycaemia . you may find it helpful to tell a member of the following apply to you . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing a_hypo and your sugar level . symptoms of hypoglycaemia are listed at the top of section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use repaglinide krka , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to repaglinide , your doctor will check your dose of thyroid_products because repeatedly increasing your dose of deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) ciclosporin ( a medicine used in the treatment of asthma ) clarithromycin , trimethoprim , rifampicin ( antibiotic medicines ) itraconazole , ketokonazole ( antifungal medicines ) gemfibrozil ( used to treat high blood pressure ) ciclosporin ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); clopidogrel ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). clopidogrel ( a medicine used to
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde and neomycin sulphate ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you or the child you are caring for , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine if you or your child has a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with your vaccine , your doctor will decide if pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to receive vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you are recently sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are having a vaccination . it is especially important to tell your doctor if your immune system is impaired , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the vaccine you will have to wait for the presence of these tests . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having a vaccination . it is especially important to tell your doctor if your immune system is impaired , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the vaccine you will have to wait for the presence of these tests . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having a vaccination . it is especially important to tell your doctor if your immune system is impaired , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the vaccine you will have to wait for the presence of these tests . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having a vaccination . it is especially important to tell your doctor if your immune system is impaired , if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with the vaccine you will have to wait for the presence of these tests . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance ( ertapenem ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rhokiinsa : - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) or if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether luveris has an effect on you being able to drive a car or use any tools or machines . important information about some of the ingredients of sodium_this_medicine this medicine contains approximately 28 mg sodium per vial . this should be taken into consideration by patients on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take afinitor if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_infection , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had an infection . - if you have previously had a vaccination in the past or have previously had a vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) or other long - term lung diseases , including dexamethasone , a medicine that affects the production of blood cells . these include : dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems . - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart problems - if you have diabetes . - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). -
do not use laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma . - if you have heart problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - ketoconazole or itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) - other long - acting medicines used to treat breathing problems , e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol . these medicines may increase the side effects of the following medicines and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) or other sex hormones ( this medicine is typically used to treat breathing problems ) e . g . tiotropium and indacaterol . these medicines increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with this medicine , you should see your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding you should not use this medicine if you are , unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination if any of the following apply to you : 36 if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses , 36 it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a vaccination in the past or have ever had any other serious infections . if you think you may need any infections in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . it is important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , including long as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check your child for tuberculosis . it is important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , including long as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check your child for signs of these infections before starting vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you get red or worsening of the signs of a serious infection , such as : fever , weight loss , cough , or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if your child has an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer or fever ), tell your doctor straight away , as he / she may decide to halt your vaccination or stop vaccination . - tell your doctor if your child develops any of the following signs and symptoms of infections : weight loss , cough , warm , red or hot skin , warm , yellow cough , warm , or an_infection . if your child develops any of these signs , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the following signs and symptoms of a serious , persistent , sometimes life - threatening infection , such as fever , diarrhoea , red or hot skin , warm , yellow urination , or warm , as these could be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . if you experience any of these signs , stop taking vaccination and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the following signs and symptoms of a serious , persistent , sometimes life - threatening , sometimes red , red or burning sensation , fever , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , or red or burning feeling in the leg , warm , or red or burning feeling in the leg , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or burning sensation , warm , or red or burning feeling in the leg , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , or red or burning feeling in the leg , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , or red or burning feeling in the leg , warm ,
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months - have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months - if you have low blood pressure - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you suffer from hypotension . - if you experience dizziness , dizziness or fainting . - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and heparin ; - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox ahcl : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , fainting ) - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). other medicines and deferasirox ahcl tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use effective contraception while taking this medicine and for at least 3 months after your last dose . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause dizziness . this may impair your ability to drive or use machines . if you experience fainting , dizziness or fainting , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a blood clot in a blood vessel ( a type of blood vessel ) or platelets ( a condition where the body cannot pump enough blood flow to the brain ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ) - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . diabetes ) - if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( diabetes ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diabetes or high blood pressure ) you have diabetes or a condition that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . diabetes or high blood pressure ) you have diabetes or a condition that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diabetes , stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel ratiopharm : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diabetes ) or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an increased risk of bleeding , such as high blood pressure , diabetes or high cholesterol . if you are going to have an operation . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 100 days . - if you
do not use onivyde fgk - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have severe kidney problems - you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( uric acid ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a history of malaria or other mental disorder ( such as leprosy , dermatitis or dermatitis ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have anaemia ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of anaemia ), - if you have a history of liver problems - if you have a history of anaemia ( a disorder of the immune system that causes anaemia ) - if you have a history of liver disease , such as leprosy or dermatitis of the penis , which may be associated with a higher risk of being treated with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have numbness , blinking or sensation , or have a change in the colour of your mouth , or a change in the colour of your penis . if this happens , contact your doctor or nurse immediately . if you feel numbness or
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have certain problems with your heart ( e . g . electrical recording of the adrenal gland ) - if you have a condition which increases the activity of your heart ( known as qt prolongation ); - if you have a condition called colitis ( colitis ), colitis , fatigue and rapid loss of consciousness ( a reduced number of red blood cells ); - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have colitis ( colitis ); - if you experience fatigue , weight loss , headache , excessive thirst , rapid weight loss , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , loss of appetite , rapid weight loss , drowsy , weak,_depressed , loss of appetite , rapid weight loss , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable or loss of appetite , as these could be signs of hepatitis a and potentially fatal brain condition called myositis . - if you have any of the following conditions : myositis ( a condition in which the blood flow to the body ) has been reported very rarely in patients treated with myositis ( see section " other medicines and nivolumab ") ") - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as histiocytes and lymphocytes ). - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have myositis ( a condition where the body attacks its own hormone ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as myositis ). - if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms : fatigue , extreme tiredness , weight loss , headache , increased sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable of the skin or eyes . this may be a sign of diabetes - inflammation of the pancreas ( myocarditis ) or inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ). - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis )
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset or treat stomach or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had problems with your liver . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the past . - notice blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - abnormal heart rate , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as capillary multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given qt_prolongation" . other medicines and slenyto tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea , vomiting - these may be signs of a serious brain infection called " capillary leak syndrome " which increases the amount of urine you produce , and can cause symptoms such as : - chills , fever , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood . - notice blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . - abnormal liver function , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as capillary multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given qt_prolongation" . other medicines and slenyto tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you have
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor muscle_or_joints and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor muscle_or_joints and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . - if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you with this confirmation . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . male men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines odomzo is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use tools or machines .
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord - if you are breast - feeding ; - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord : - if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys . your doctor will tell you if you can receive cisplatin . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having this medicine . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this medicinal product . other medicines and pemetrexed accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . studies with food and drink you should not take pemetrexed accord if you are able to have a baby . this is because pemetrexed accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way pemetrexed accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required . pemetrexed accord with food and drink you should not take pemetrexed accord if you are able to have a baby . this is because pemetrexed accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way pemetrexed accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required . pemetrexed accord with food , drink and alcohol pemetrexed accord may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pemetrexed accord . studies with food and drink there are no restrictions on your food or drink while you are receiving pemetrexed accord . this is because it may affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way pemetrexed accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because pemetrexed accord or the other medicine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take pemetrexed accord . tell your doctor if you are taking medicines containing
do not take immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of immunoglobulins ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_antibodies . follow closely the instructions for dose , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hiv , hepatitis b or c ). - if you have or have ever had previous viral infections . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or have ever had any other diseases in the past . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hepatitis c ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) or have been treated in the last hepatitis days . - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b virus ( the hepatitis c virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), - hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), - hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis c ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b ( human immunodeficiency virus ) - hepatitis b or c , you should not take this medicine unless your doctor advises you it is safe to do so . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . if you are not sure
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tuberculosis , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever , or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of tb during treatment with adalimumab . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever , or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory allergic ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids : - if you have diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have severe diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or breathing difficulties . if you have diabetes . you have diabetes . you may need closer monitoring if you get blurred vision . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had diabetes ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or breathing difficulties if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . this medicine can cause severe eye problems such as dry mouth or blurred , which may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience blurred vision while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sufentanil : - if you have severe lung problems . - if you have severe lung problems ( such as dizziness , sleepiness , or low blood pressure ) - if you have any of the following conditions : - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and clarithromycin talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had heart rhythm problems ( such as quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ); - if you have heart rhythm disturbance - if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine , heart_problems - if you have heart rhythm disturbance - if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone ; heart problems . arrhythmia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan . take special care with darunavir mylan : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking darunavir mylan : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone ; heart problems . arrhythmia . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan . take special care with darunavir mylan : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking darunavir mylan : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - apalutamide , apalutamide , ibutilide , amiodarone ( heart rhythm rhythm ) - amiodarone or clarithromycin ( medicines for heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone ( for heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ) arrhythmia ( high blood pressure in the heart ); - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ) arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ), - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : medicines for gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol levels ). - rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol levels ). - rosuvastatin ( used to treat gout ), - omeprazole ( used to treat gout and bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking rosuvastatin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of darunavir accord or the medicine you are taking . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of darunavir accord or the medicine you are taking . 41 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of darunavir accord or the other medicine : darunavir , ritonavir , 41 - efavirenz , 41 - rosuvastatin , simvastatin to lower blood cholesterol - valproic acid , a medicine used to treat cancer - omeprazole , used to treat gout and bipolar disorder - colchicine , used to treat gout . - simvastatin , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . rosuvastatin , simvastatin used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . rosuvastatin , used to treat cancer . omeprazole , used to treat gout
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if
do not take azopt : if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , or diabetes ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - 22 tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 5 months after the last dose of this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just before you drive or use machines . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick ), stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick ), stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick ), stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in your_urine dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . risk of lactic acidosis your_urine may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood_sugar_is_normal are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a
do not take mepact : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( neutropenia ) or if you have a history of neutropenia or neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). see section 4 . - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ). see ' other medicines and any_medicines '. if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following chemotherapy - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your child ( see " warnings and precautions " in section 4 ). - if you are being treated with any other medicines that affects your immune system ( e . g ., chemotherapy or inflammations ). - if you have or think you might have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or shivering , which may be signs of an infection , such as fever , chills or shivering , which may be signs of a fever . your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . your doctor may give you a different medicine to treat your symptoms : - headaches , chills , shivering , or feeling unwell or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you experience headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , chills , shivering , and / or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment altogether . look out for headaches include chills , shivering , and / or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to investigate more often . - tell your doctor if you get a fever , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , chills , shivering , and / or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to investigate more often . - tell your doctor if you experience headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping your treatment . your doctor will tell you whether your child can get headaches , such as chills , shivering or being unwell . tell your doctor straight away if you get any new signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . if your child develops any of these signs , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you develop signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . if your child develops any of these signs , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment for you if you develop signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or a fever . if your child develops any of these signs , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm , you should tell your doctor straight away . your child ' s doctor may decide to stop your treatment with these medicines . look out for headaches include chills , shivering and / or weakness in a arms or a leg , a fever that may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking other medicines ( for example headaches , chills or shivering ) have been reported . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to investigate
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have heart failure - if you have or have had heart failure or liver problems - if you have or have had renal disease or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : clonidine , used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - clonidine , to treat high blood pressure or heart problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - clonidine , to treat high blood pressure or to treat heart problems - propranolol ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - imipramine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - lithium salts ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - lithium salts ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - anticholinergic agents ( medicines used to treat depression , or anxiety_disorders , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) or for parkinson ' s disease ( e . g . imipramine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as moclobemide ). - parkinson ' s disease and other medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - some medicines to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - to treat parkinson ' s disease - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease )
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have very high blood pressure . - if you have very high blood pressure . - if you have very high blood pressure not properly controlled with medicines . to stimulate the production of your blood pressure ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take this medicine ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stomach_ulcers or weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have an underlying or severe infection with fever , shaking , chills , weakness , low blood pressure , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion ,
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or gallstones ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from pancreatitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had pancreatitis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of these_medical_conditions reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have or have had pancreatitis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of these_medical_conditions reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood is is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for pancreatitis ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart . if you have type 1 diabetes ( your doctor may want to check your blood pressure more frequently , for example , to prevent nausea and vomiting ) while taking this medicine ( see section 4 ) - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have type_1_diabetes deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , nausea , or vomiting . -
do not use xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure problems , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). other medicines and blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines can affect your blood sugar level . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat some infections ) - angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) your blood sugar level may rise ( hypoglycaemia ) if you take : thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) may weaken or suppress entirely the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise a hypoglycaemia . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual can harm your unborn baby . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known if dapagliflozin passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking pioglitazone accord during pregnancy . do not breast - feed while you are taking this medicine . it is not known if dapagliflozin passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate and react may be reduced if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). please keep this possible problem in mind in all situations where you might put yourself and others at risk ( e . g . driving a car or using machines ). you should contact your doctor if this occurs .
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe breathing problems , - if you have , or have had , inflammation of the lungs ( severe_dry_eyes , inflammation , redness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , chills , tongue , and throat , as well as bloating , chills , chills , sickness , or vomiting ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment : if you have or have had depression or any of the following symptoms or symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , chills , chills , sickness , or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . symptoms may include depression , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have had inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ), or if you have had inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), or if you have had ulcers in the eye ( cornea ), or if you have had ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ), or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). if you have had ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ), or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ), or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). - if you have had or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . severe_dry_eyes or ulcers in the eye , e . g . ulcers of the eye , cornea or ulcers in the eye ). - if you have or have had pain in the eye , which may be associated with inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), or ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ), or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . stomach ulcer , inflammation , redness , or swelling in the eye , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , chills , shoulder and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking urgent_treatment and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , " possible side effects ". symptoms and symptoms such as depression , feeling dizzy , feeling sick ( nausea ), or being sick ( vomiting ) have been reported in patients receiving bloating ( see section " possible side effects "). if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor if you have had problems with your liver or liver . tell your doctor if you have kidney problems , if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had problems with your liver - sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( antibiotics ) - if you are taking certain antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness or insomnia . - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as heparin ( anti - depressor ) or lumacaftor ( see " do not take lumacaftor "). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor if : you have ever had a heart attack or liver problems . abnormality of the blood vessels to the liver ( abnormality ) in the past abnormality of blood prior to therapy . therapy with your blood pressure prior to therapy and during therapy with this medicine ( see also section " driving and using machines "). therapy with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . this medicine can cause chest tightness , especially at the beginning of therapy . if this happens , you should not drive or use machines . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during therapy . tell your doctor prior to therapy if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or kidney problems , as abnormality may not be suitable for you . you will have blood tests to check that your blood pressure is working properly before and during therapy with this medicine . prior to starting treatment prior to long - term therapy with your therapy , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor prior to treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive kidney or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your therapy . abnormality of your liver may occur during therapy . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during therapy . tell your doctor if you notice any change in your vision . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during therapy . tell your doctor if you notice any change in your vision . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of blood cells in the blood which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes any_effect_on_vision can cause loss of consciousness . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes abnormality can cause abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . abnormality of liver enzymes in the blood can occur following or even before , during or after your treatment , if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . abnormality may occur in some patients with advanced liver and kidney problems . tell your doctor if you notice any changes in your vision . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . disappear and abnormal liver function tell your doctor
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had bleeding problems , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or mds ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( aml ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a specific blood test ( aml ). - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of recurrent infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . your doctor will test your child for signs and infection of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of recurrent infections or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have a history of recurrent infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during your treatment with red_or_white_blood_cells . it is important to tell your doctor if you get infection of the infections , as it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking tests before and during your treatment with rifabutin . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord : - if you have or have had infection , including tuberculosis or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tests . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord : if you have or have had infection , including tuberculosis or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital
do not take nyxoid if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have any of the following : contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : pain in the area of your nose ( seizures ) ( see section 4 for more information ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain in the area of the nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you have a tumour in your pituitary gland ( pituitary gland ). - if you have a tumour in your pituitary gland ( pituitary gland ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a problem with your ovaries ( ohss ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a problem with your ovaries ( ohss ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a problem with your ovaries ( ohss ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria : if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria : if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : your skin becomes worse and easily blistered ( especially of the skin that is not caused by enough red blood cells ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see in section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : your skin becomes worse and easily blistered ( especially of the skin that is not caused by enough red blood cells ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , ergotamine , dihydroergotamine or migraine . - if you have or have had severe cancer of the pancreas ( e . g . seizures , epilepsy or migraine ) - if you are taking sirolimus or ritonavir ( used to treat hiv ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease ( e . g ., sulfonylureas or blisters ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : statins ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) diabetes ( such as pimozide , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , midazolam , triazolam) ) ( used to treat certain forms of severe_insomnia / illness ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulfonylureas : - if you are suffering from severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have kidney disease - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and the_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had bleeding or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . do not use zabdeno if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . do not use zabdeno if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . do not give this medicine to children less than 1 year of age , because it has
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have or have ever had : - a low level of calcium in your blood . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had renal disease ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ), your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you . you should tell your doctor if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have problems with your kidneys . if you have liver problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before
you must not be given zeposia - if you are treatment with medicines containing alemtuzumab ( e . g . alemtuzumab ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have or have had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid problems , - if you have thyroid problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had pneumonia ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine . signs include tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness . see section 4 for more information . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( see section 4 for further details ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following symptoms : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 ). talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness . see section 4 for more information . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). you should not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness . see section 4 for more information . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 ( see section 4 for further details ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you
do not take zinforo if : you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to other antibiotics penicillin ( e . g ., penicillin mg / penicillin mg ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have a severe infection with pus or convulsions 26 - if you have a history of convulsions ( fits ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g ., alcohol or drugs ). tell your doctor immediately if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes : - if you experience fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions , as these could be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes : - if you experience fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions , as these could be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions ( such as blisters , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , skin rash , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal , which may be fever , joint pain or convulsions . tell your doctor if any of these symptoms apply to you . children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of severe_skin_reactions years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience dizziness when taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin mylan . if while taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately .
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ); - medicines for depression or anxiety_disorders ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver
do not take zytiga if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early 3 ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have diabetes . - if you have liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), wheezing , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping these_infections . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you get symptoms like fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy tell your doctor straight away . you may get infections more easily while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - advise your doctor if you reside or travel in regions where fungal infections such as histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis are common . tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . - advise your doctor if you
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you have , or have ever had , impaired blood circulation . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : have high blood pressure , angina , palpitations , or breathing problems . - if you have or have had problems with your blood clotting . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given fight_infection . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you have high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . angina , palpitations , or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you have high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . angina , palpitations , or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil) ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) therapy . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking brivudine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with cancer ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin reactions , especially if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from diabetes - if you have or have had vomiting or diarrhoea if you have diarrhoea - if you are or become dehydrated - if you have imbalances of ions in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) - if you have a deformity of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart body is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking brivudine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with diabetes ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking brivudine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the medicines described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use gout_medicines , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose , especially if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and diarrhoea . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of brivudine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients . if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your eyes . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking actelsar hct . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of gout_medicines or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : - tremors , phenytoin ( medicines to treat seizures or tremors ), - interferon alpha - methyldopa , medicines used to treat cancer ( folinic acid , oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , irinotecan ), - certain medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , irinotecan ), - certain medicines to prevent leucopenia , thrombocytopenia , blood - thinning medicines ( thrombocytopenia ), - thrombocytopenia ( medicines used to treat seizures ), - interferon medicines ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , or irinotecan) ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - leucopenia ( a blood thinner ) - leucopenia ( blood thinner - thrombocytopenia ) - if you
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have an fainted with the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 3 , " taking special care with arsenic trioxide accord "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had a skin reaction after treatment with a medicine similar to medicine that stimulate the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section 3 , " how to take this medicine ), talk to your doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have checked with your doctor . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose ( cane sugar ), or not to take them . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have a flare ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms during your treatment with this medicine : - if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have had a previous skin reaction ( a cancer that affects the back of the eye ) during or after treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 , " taking special care "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment if you : - are taking medicine to thin your blood . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . if your blood pressure gets worse , your doctor may give you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent this condition . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicine , including those obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant ( it is also better to avoid cholestasis in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall kidneys ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking digoxin : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes or aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes such as aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes such as aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes or aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully . driving and using machines 46 you may experience dizziness when using this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . important information about some of the ingredients of the_batch_number this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '. however , before stelara is given to you , it is mixed with a solution that contains sodium . tell your doctor if you are on a low - salt diet if you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . other medicines and advate tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience dizziness when using this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant or think
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal , - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), - if you have or ever had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), or if you are a patient with hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because treatment could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with certain medicines . tell your doctor immediately if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are common side effects of treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells , red blood cells or platelets in your blood . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 3 years because there is no information about how it works in this age group . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to become pregnant and should use effective contraception while using contraception . tell your doctor immediately if you become pregnant during treatment . do not breast - feed if you are taking this medicine . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines temozolomide hexal has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrate (" poppers "). these medicines are often given for relief of angina pectoris ( or " chest pain "). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tadalafil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as naion ) or have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure , - if you have low blood pressure or high blood pressure , not controlled by large blood pressure , - if you suffer from low blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart attack . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from high blood pressure . if you suffer from heart failure after a
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . qtern is not to be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ). if you are over 18 years of age . if you have recently had a stroke or infection if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a severe infection or infection with a high fever . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) , feeling sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( vomiting ) and difficulty in falling . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . take special care with clopidogrel krka : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) , feeling sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you notice that your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). children and adolescents deferasirox krka should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( used to treat a certain type of diabetes ) steroids ( used to treat inflammation ) nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) ( a type of painkillers ), steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), salicylates ( e . g . aspirin ). other medicines used to treat diabetes ( oral agents or corticosteroids ) steroids ( used to treat anemia , to treat inflammation ). nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) ( a type of painkillers ), steroids ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ), steroids ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ), salicylates ( e . g . aspirin ). medicines that may cause your blood sugar level to rise ( hypoglycaemia ) include : - all other medicines to treat diabetes , - angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat heart conditions ), - salicylates ( such as aspirin ). - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - diuretics ( water tablets ) - corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation ), - danazol ( medicine acting on ovulation ), - oral contraceptives ( such as thiazides , diuretics ) - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ace-inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ace-inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - salicylates ( e . g . aspirin ). - other medicines ( used to treat diabetes ), - oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - corticosteroids ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat anemia ), - danazol ( medicine acting on ovulation ), - oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ace-inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat certain heart conditions ), - salicylates ( such as aspirin ). - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaid ) ( a type of painkillers ), - steroids ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( such as aspirin or other medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called blood tests ). your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can tell you if your dose is working properly . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine and should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . talk to your doctor if you wish to conserve your sperm before starting this treatment . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from myasthenia gravis ( a rare condition that occurs when the body attacks its own cells ); if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any of the following : - vitamin agonists ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - if you are pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any of the following : - vitamin agonists ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ).
do not take nplate if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have problems with your liver or liver - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . take special care with medicines - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer or abnormalities ). - if you have recently had surgery or recently had a heart attack . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . anticoagulants ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . anticoagulants ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids or azathioprine ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) or medicines
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , if you : - have severe bronchospasm . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have difficulty passing urine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines for copd called non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . methotrexate , e . g . castor oil , e . g . castor oil , e . g . castor oil , e . g . castor oil , e . g . methotrexate , prednisolone ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).  if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , or think that you have , or have had , or active depression ( high blood pressure ); - if you have , or have had , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have had , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms and feet , arms and / or arms , arms and / or arms , arms , arms , or legs ) when taking blinking ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking blinking : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms and legs , arms and / or arms , arms and / or arms , arms and / or arms , arms , arms , arms , or arms , arms , arms , arms , or legs ) when using blinking ( see also section " driving and using machines "). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and abnormal pressure ) - if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( e . g . fluvoxamine ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( e . g . fluvoxamine ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( e . g . fluvoxamine ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations 48 - if you experience cough , shaking , muscle pain , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking these_symptoms . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_symptoms . also tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : bronchitis , cough , high fever , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , wheezing , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the legs . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor straight away . you may experience cough , shaking , faster breathing , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in breathing . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 , such as bronchitis , cough , flu - like symptoms , feeling of being unwell , or if you experience any of these symptoms after being treated with nms , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - bronchitis , cough , rapid weight loss , difficulty speaking , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , memory loss or memory . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the legs . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to fluvoxamine , your doctor will consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - if you have breathing problems , or if someone else in your family has a history of irregular heartbeat , tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment . - if you have any problem with your liver or kidneys . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects in the blood . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to mirabegron or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking amiodarone ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are tuberculosis ( especially if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider whether darunavir is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - if you have liver problems - if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider whether darunavir is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . - 32 - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you have a history of infections - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). a herbal product used for depression and psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have impaired liver function , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . pravastatin , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir
do not use zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic_acid_belongs . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using zoledronic acid accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with pain or swelling of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zoledronic acid accord and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zoledronic acid accord and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zoledronic acid accord and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem 27 - if you have or have had cancer in the past . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat irregular heartbeats ) - pimozide ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - methotrexate ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) - dabigatran ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , thioridazine ( used to treat depression ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clots ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout and other conditions ) - morphine ( used to treat gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or prevent blood clotting ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ) - barbiturate medicines ( used to treat gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ), - dabigatran ( used to treat gout ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ), dabigatran ( used to treat gout ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout and other conditions ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) if you are treated with other medicines for the treatment of gout , your doctor will carefully consider whether colchicine is suitable for you . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to reduce the risk of blood clots . dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), since your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) and other heart conditions ( e . g ., colchicine ). dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ). if you are taking morphine , a medicine used to treat gout . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking colchicine . other medicines used to treat gout or prevent high blood pressure . dabigatran ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) if you have taken any of the medicines listed here , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . smoking with alcohol avoid excessive alcohol intake while taking colchicine since this may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). certain_medicines with food and drink avoid grapefruit juice during treatment with this medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). some medicines can interfere with the
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone , mometasone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_medicines . if you are allergic to heart rhythm problems , or have any other medical conditions , or if you have ever taken any of the following medicines : - an_irregular_or_fast_heartbeat ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic ), - medicines for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) - other bronchodilators ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ), used to treat depression - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - potassium channel blockers , propranolol , used to treat breathing problems - cimetidine , prednisolone , - tricyclic antidepressants - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( cox - 2 ) inhibitors , used to treat depression - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - potassium channel blockers ( such as propranolol ), - certain medicines for heart problems ( such as hydrochlorothiazide ), - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - potassium - sparing diuretics , propranolol , used to treat breathing problems - cimetidine , corticosteroids - tricyclic antidepressants - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include potassium supplements or salt substitutes containing propranolol , - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : potassium - sparing medicines , propranolol , used to treat breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure ), monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine to treat depression ) and other medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include potassium supplements or salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and diuretics . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used for the treatment of breathing problems ) it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using the following medicines : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used to treat breathing problems ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine retention , tricyclic antidepressants and medicines used to treat diabetes ), - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood . these include potassium supplements or salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and diuretics . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using the following medicines : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - hydrochlorothiazide ( antibiotic used to treat breathing problems ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ), - if you are taking medicines which
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of temporary blood clots , e . g . ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of temporary blood clots , e . g . ticlopidine , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take rifabutin if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are suffering from any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - doravirine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - some infections ( such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( a medicine used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) ( e . g . tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ) - to treat hepatitis c infection - tacrolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis (
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or have heart failure problems , - if you suffer from unstable angina ( severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have recently had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opioids - if you have or have had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you are overweight , especially if you are overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you are overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take overweight "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opioids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms : - if you experience chest pain or palpitations , especially after the symptoms of seizures or psychosis , as these could be symptoms of a rare and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opioids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking symptoms : - if you experience chest pain or palpitations , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had a bleeding within the last seven days . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir hct . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking a_planned_surgery : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking abseamed : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes .
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines for depression or parkinson ' s disease - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used for the treatment of depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - have been treated for high blood pressure or other heart problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are less than less than 5 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid opiates in early eye_irritation , see " other medicines and brinzolamide "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are less than less than 5 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid opiates in early eye , see " other eye_irritation " for more information see section " do not take opiates ". tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you experience rapid weight loss , tightness , tiredness , dizziness or dizziness when taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines used to treat depression . - angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat diabetes ) - parkinson ' s disease - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes mellitus ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - parkinson ' s disease -
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm 57 - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pain and pain of the upper side effects of the shoulder ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a condition that affects the insulating layer around the shoulder ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells or transaminases in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver or liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine " below ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel
do not use emgality if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions can happen within minutes , serious allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , see section 4 " possible side effects " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you have serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , naproxen , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , naproxen , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have heart problems , such as palpitations , palpitations , fast pulse , fainting , dizziness or light - headedness when you start taking antibiotics ( see also section 4 ). - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - low blood pressure - palpitations , palpitations , light - fainting , dizziness or light - headedness in the right side - if you have any of these signs or symptoms of heart problems such as palpitations , palpitations , rapid fainting , fainting or dizziness . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking antibiotics for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shortness of breath , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . your doctor may give you antibiotics to reduce the risk of blood clots in your blood . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : - low blood pressure , - fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness or vision . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents 18 should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and any_other_medicines tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . atazanavir , cobicistat , efavirenz , etravirine , elvitegravir / elvitegravir / ritonavir / emtricitabine / boceprevir / telaprevir / boceprevir ( used for the treatment of high blood pressure or prostate disorders ) dabigatran ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) e . g . amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat heart problems ) amiodarone , diltiazem and verapamil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat irregular heart beats ), - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( for heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , neomycin and precautions , and neomycin warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine if : you have an infection , including asthma or convulsions , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had convulsions . your doctor will tell you whether vaccination is suitable for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if any of the following apply to you : - you have an infection , such as asthma or convulsions , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as a cold or hiv that affects the immune system ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may have an infection , even a mild fever or a fever ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether vaccination is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , neomycin and lower_fever , which are caused by the development of an infection . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain or tenderness in the upper right side of your stomach area , tell your doctor as soon as possible or if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an infection , such as fever or pain , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other vaccines , vaccines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . especially : acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting ) or vaccination ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . evarrest is not recommended during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment and for at 1_month after the last dose of treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines alofisel is not likely to affect your ability to
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had low levels of platelets in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you are overweight ( constipation , constipation , or spitting movements ) - if you have a low level of thrombocytopenia in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ). - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and leflunomide ahcl "). - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . c , spitting , or coagulating blood cell counts ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience symptoms such as chest pain , tiredness , dizziness or spitting , please inform your doctor . - if you have any of the following conditions : high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness or spitting , which may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the intestines under the intestines . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor . you may need extra check - ups ( blood and urine tests ) while you are taking this medicine . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). symptoms such as chest pain , tiredness , dizziness and / or flu - like symptoms , which may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). some patients taking combination antiretroviral therapy may develop a bone disease called leukaemia ( e . g . gout or spitting breathing ). tell your doctor if you have or have ever had leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other leukaemia . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing lymphoma . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy in this population has not been established . other medicines and leflunomide ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - skin_problems ( a type of medicine that occurs when the lungs is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough information ). it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with another medicine containing pyrimethamine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) or leukaemia ( used to prevent and treat bone disorders ) - pyrimethamine ( used to treat cancer ) - shingles ( used to treat cancer ) - cancer medicines ( e . g . pyrimethamine ) - medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . spitting , spitting , or coagulating blood cell counts ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . used to treat high blood pressure , c , dizziness , or enlarged_lymph_nodes ) - to prevent blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , if you : - have severe bronchospasm . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine during or after treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice from a doctor right away if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . contact your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines for copd called non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . for example , topical steroids , e . g . castor oil , e . g . castor oil , e . g . methotrexate , prednisolone ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : have high blood pressure , angina ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the bone ). if you suffer from angina , especially if you suffer from severe heart problems , if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you have high blood pressure or heart problems . if you suffer from angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents this medicinal product should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given mabthera . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor or nurse if you are pregnant , think that you might be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . this is because rixathon can cross the placenta and may affect your baby . if you can get pregnant , you and your partner must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rituximab . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy when taking rituximab . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a leg ( called " aortic or mitral bleeding "). you have a blood disorder that makes you prone to low blood pressure . - if you have signs of a infection , such as fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness . see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using these treatment until your doctor has told you . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) or have ever had bleeding in your brain ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells such as platelets ), your doctor will decide whether treatment is right for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should avoid becoming pregnant and must use effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should avoid becoming pregnant and must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . imnovid contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per hard capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you buy without a prescription . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines for parkinson ' s disease . anaesthesia ( used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause side effects such as visual disturbances , fainting and visual disturbances .
do not use cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you this_medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( heart failure ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking fluoxetine , if you have any of the following : - problems with your lungs ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . - if you get breathlessness , especially if you feel aware of the eye ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have , or have had , surgery in your eye . - if you have , or have had , breathlessness or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . other medicines and the_skin_around_the_eyelid tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may increase or decrease the effect of the following medicines : some medicines for depression or lower blood pressure medicines ( such as fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor before starting treatment , if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you have ever been told you have high blood pressure . your doctor will tell you if you should be treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with these medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ) barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) may be needed to reduce the risk of blood clots . - warfarin , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - itraconazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - herbal medicines containing these medicines may increase the risk of side effects with warfarin : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some forms of tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of bacterial infections - herbal preparations containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( a medicine used to treat some forms of sleeping_problems , e . g . indigestion , indigestion , heartburn ). these medicines may reduce the effect of these medicines . if you are taking one of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - itraconazole ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of psychiatric disorders ( e . g . warfarin ). - herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression , anxiety , or heartburn for heartburn ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines , to prevent your blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and intelence tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression , anxiety or heartburn ) - any medicines that may increase your risk of blood clots , such as warfarin . - other medicines used to treat ulcers , indigestion and heartburn , as well as the treatment of acids in the blood . - rifampicin , used to treat tuberculosis . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had a blood clot in a blood test . - if you are taking medicines that affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which increase your blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines which may affect your blood pressure . medicines that may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines that may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy or faint .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have thyroid disease that is not well controlled . - if you are being treated for high blood pressure . - if you are taking rifampicin ( another medicine used to treat some infections such as rifampicin , rifabutin ) - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . oedema or weakening of respiratory failure , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , hands and feet , eyes , hands and feet , hands and feet , eyes , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , hands and feet , soles of hands and feet , and soles of feet ( see section 4 ). - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example leg cramps or weakening of blood vessels to the brain ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord - if you have or have had liver_problems ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer if you have ever had a problem with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you have a history of liver disease , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have a problem with your kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider whether 49 is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 49 . other medicines and apixaban accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , warfarin , laxatives , phenytoin , phenobarbital and carbamazepine ( used to control seizures ) rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) dihydroergotamine , ergometrine , ergotamine ( used to treat migraine headache ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat prostate disorders ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat migraine headache ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat prostate disorders ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat prostate disorders ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat migraine ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and depression ) - nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , etc .) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , warfarin , laxatives , phenytoin , phenobarbital and carbamazepine ( used to control seizures ) rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) dihydroergotamine , ergometrine , ergotamine ( used to treat migraine headache ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat migraine headache ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat prostate disorders ) cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal medicine used to treat depression and anxiety called nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , ergotamine ) ( used to treat migraine ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain stomach problems ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and depression ) - nsaids ( e . g . laxatives , pravastatin , etc .) if any of these
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , triglycerides and cholesterol ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have a low level of cholesterol or triglycerides in your blood . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zyprexa genuair and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital zyprexa away if you experience some of the illnesses of the illnesses : - possible stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may make you feel drowsy or drowsy . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking medicines for anxiety or any other medicines to treat depression . tell your doctor if you are taking medicines for anxiety or any other medicines to treat depression . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as : - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include illnesses such as medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines that may increase the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as stroke , " water " tablets , which is used to treat stroke , and other antidepressants . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines that may increase the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as stroke , " water " tablets , which is used to treat stroke , and other antidepressants . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if
do not use prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active tumour ( cancer ) or onj . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have cancer - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat cancer - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches , swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid teva . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or have been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle damage , has been reported in patients taking medicines for osteoporosis ( e . g . prednisolone , dexamethasone ) if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this medicinal product . other medicines and zoledronic acid hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - to treat cancer - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - to treat cancer - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines zoledronic acid accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take ambirix if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because iasibon can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce your immune system such as live vaccines , measles , mumps , rubella ( except poliomyelitis ), injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles ,
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had allergy to diphtheria , tetanus , or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . receive other vaccine please tell your doctor or nurse if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents vaccine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and covid - 19 vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - problems with your liver , such as problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with the treatment . your doctor will tell you whether the treatment should be continued . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during treatment . your doctor will run blood tests to monitor the health of your liver . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 6 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and besremi tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using medicines that prevent blood clotting formation , such as warfarin . your doctor will discuss the results of these medicines before you start treatment with these medicines . your doctor will decide whether or not to be treated with these medicines . your doctor will decide whether or not your treatment needs to be changed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should avoid the use of this medicine if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience any of these side effects , see section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ellaone contains benzyl alcohol ( see section 4 " possible side effects ").
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel accord : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with docetaxel accord , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fever or infections . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : - abdominal pain , tenderness , red skin , blistering of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the extremities , blisters or fever ( these may be signs of an acute attack of the spleen ( extremities ), or possibly rupture of the spleen ]. - blisters or fever . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . extremities ) or fever . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have blistering of the face , tongue , or other parts of the extremities ( extremities ) or blisters ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with premedication fgk . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( very high or large spots on your skin , dark urine , blistering or peeling of your skin ) - blistering of the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , red or swollen eyes , bumps in hands or feet , skin peeling , blisters or fever . these may all be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the trunk under the extremities . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication but unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged between16 and docetaxel . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before or during your treatment with premedication fgk if you : have problems with your liver . your doctor should test your blood and urine regularly as docetaxel can harm the tiny filters inside your liver ( cells ). severe skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported with the use of dexamethasone , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by blisters and / or flu - like symptoms . the rashes may progress to widespread blistering of the skin and life - threatening complications . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication premedication contact and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . other medicines and premedication fgk tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having a low - dose of your blood . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . your doctor will decide , if you should be treated with docetaxel accord and if you should be kept under closer observation . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dexamethasone , your doctor will check your dose of docetaxel accord because repeatedly increasing your dose of docetaxel accord .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir : if you have recently had a allergic reaction to treatment ( e . g . for the treatment of mental disorders ) or have recently had treatment for mental illness ( e . g . fits ) or have had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be signs of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( feel_better ) if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have had thoughts of harming or killing yourself . these may be increased when first starting treatment , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but sometimes longer . you may be advised to have a dental check - up before you start treatment with treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid mood ( e . g . phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone , efavirenz , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , erythromycin , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , efavirenz , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , efavirenz , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , efavirenz , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , efavirenz , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , efavirenz , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , boceprevir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a_rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse lightheadedness . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience a combination of diarrhoea , vomit , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . these may all be signs of lightheadedness . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . if you experience a decrease in vision or diarrhoea . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you must look out for signs of these conditions while you are taking this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness , as these could be lightheadedness . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in the need of your medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 month after the last dose of this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after your last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicinal product . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . serious allergic reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with nuwiq , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy the use of this medicine in pregnancy is not known . breast - feeding is not recommended during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment with this medicine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have a history of tumour of the ovary ( liver or breasts ) - if you are undergoing overweight ( especially if you are a woman ). - if you are being treated with medicines containing zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve or prevent organ rejection ) - if you are being treated with medicines containing polyethylene glycol ( peg ) medicine ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are using medicines containing to prevent blood clotting ( oral anticoagulants ) or this medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " and " other medicines and gonadotropins " below . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour ), a rare genetic disorder in which the blood vessels of the breasts are too much ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section 6 " possible side effects "). - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome )
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had asthma ( high blood sugar ). if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have high blood pressure that makes you prone to low blood sugar . if you have low blood sugar which is not well controlled with thyroid hormone . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using atectura breezhaler - if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , hives , hives ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , hives , hives ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ( see section 4 ), skin reactions ( including skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ( see section 4 ), skin reactions ( including skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ( see section 4 ).
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have an active severe infection ( such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : angina , palpitations , or " mini " stroke ( temporary breathing problems ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . you should tell your doctor if you have recently received or are using any of the following vaccines . vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you vaccines ( or your child ) are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently received or might have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being treated with chemotherapy . however , if you are using vaccinations you should wait until the infection course after you received vaccinations . if you live any vaccines , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor may decide that you should receive vaccines while you are being treated with vaccinations . live vaccines and vaccinations please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking or have taken recently any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines or vaccines . vaccinations can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other vaccines can affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following vaccines : vaccinations , as your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other vaccines or receive other vaccines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is especially important if you are using any of the following vaccines : - vaccinations or vaccines that affect your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rixathon . vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines or vaccines . vaccinations can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other vaccines can affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following vaccines : vaccinations , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you experience chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had heart failure or glaucoma . - if you have or have had problems with your heart . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any medicine , is used to treat a certain type of cancer ). if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with other medicines used to treat osteoporosis , or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as a medicine that suppresses the production of the blood . these medicines are especially to the medicines listed in the blood . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully , even if they are different from what is in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja if you are pregnant . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide : - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular heartbeat , or an irregular heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have high blood sugar ( seizures ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you suffer from seizures . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : corticosteroids , prednisolone or other " monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors " ( used to treat depression ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - corticosteroids , prednisolone or similar medicines ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of any_medicines may need to be adjusted ; - if you are using medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - corticosteroids such as prednisolone ; - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor for advice . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( such as ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir ) - medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir ) - herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( herbal medicine used to treat hiv infection ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are hiv unless your doctor tells you that you can . you should not use this medicine if you are hiv unless your doctor tells you that you can . you should not use this medicine if you are hiv unless your doctor tells you to do so . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , do not drive or use machines if you experience side effects .
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat some forms of depression -
do not use lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking medicines to prevent the side effects ( see section 4 ). look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking blood_samples . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and vocabria hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection or other conditions including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of these medicines . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying other_conditions are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove treatment . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as hepatitis b , because the virus hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infected with hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , and hepatitis b virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infected with hepatitis b virus to a higher risk of serious and potentially life - threatening complications . if you are a woman who could become hepatitis b , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see section " other medicines and vocabria celgene "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see section " other medicines and vocabria celgene "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see section " other medicines and vocabria celgene "). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , including
do not take nespo : if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abseamed . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal . there is a rare chance that you may experience cancer and non - existing allergic reactions ( i . e . at the same time as other types of cancer ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to epoetin alfa , your doctor will check your dose of a_blood_transfusion because repeatedly increasing your dose of latex if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak cell transplant . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate than head . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of medicines that you are taking . other medicines and refacto af tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines to prevent or treat cancer ( e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), - medicines to prevent cancer such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ), - tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - cyclosporin ( e . g . tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks it is not known whether you have an infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an an_infection in your eye . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as pain in the chest , increased_discomfort , weakness in your arms or legs , or a decrease in blood pressure , especially in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , increased_discomfort loss of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness , decreased number of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , low blood pressure , blood in your stools , blood in your stools , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness , decreased number of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop the_following_symptoms treatment . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , low blood pressure , blood in your stools , blood in your stools , which may be black or tarry in colour with red blood cells , such as increased_discomfort , weakness in the arms and legs , a decrease in blood pressure , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may give you a medicine to treat this infection . - if you develop an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , low blood pressure , blood in your stools , blood in your stools , which may be black or tarry in colour with a widespread increase in red blood pressure , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . your doctor may give you a medicine to treat this infection . - if you develop an infection , contact your doctor right away . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as flu - like symptoms , a change in the colour of your blood pressure , blood in your stools , a small number of red blood cells , which may lead to lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) leading to breakdown of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . your doctor may give you a medicine to treat this infection . - if you develop an infection , contact your doctor straight away . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . your doctor may
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have recently suffered from any of the following conditions or recently - problems . tell your doctor if you have or have had any medical problems or any other medical problems . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if this medicine is right for you . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan - if you have or have ever had hypocalcaemia ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or convulsions ( seizures ). - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver_problems ( low levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your stools . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you experience spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth or seizures , confusion or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking cinacalcet mylan . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and hypocalcaemia ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). - if you are a woman able to have children and not using cinacalcet mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as spasms , twitches , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking cinacalcet accord and contact your doctor . - if you have a heart rhythm disorder ( such as seizures , confusion , or loss of heart rhythm ). - if you have or have ever had irregular heart rhythm . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to increase the amount of calcium in your blood . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as spasms , twitches , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking cinacalcet accord and contact your doctor . - if you have a heart rhythm disorder ( such as seizures , confusion , or loss of heart rhythm ). - if you have heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . torsade de pointes or hypocalcaemia ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . also tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : 30 - a medicine used to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking any of the following medicines : 30 - a medicine used to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking calcium , a medicine which increases the amount of calcium in your blood . these
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - diseases . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock , seen in breathing or diarrhoea , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking dolutegravir for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin rash , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - diseases . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock , seen in breathing or diarrhoea , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking other_medicines for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , stomach ache , sleepiness , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - diseases . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as shock ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as
do not take edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and obsessive retention ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation of the diseases of the body ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ) - products that contain these diseases ( e . g . c ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ) or products that increase the risk of serious infections ( e . g . c ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ). - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have had inflammation of the lungs ( an autoimmune disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( a disorder of the immune system that causes inflammation of the blood vessels to the body ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( including dental work ) in the past . you may notice it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and symkevi tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv , such as efavirenz , etravirine or rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cimetidine ( used to treat inflammation ), diseases ( used to reduce cholesterol ) or c ( medicines used to treat a variety of conditions such as c ). - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and
follow all your doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take this medicine if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : have a low level of glucose in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) after taking this medicine , make sure your doctor knows . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . see section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any signs of a low blood sugar ( glucose , glucose - sugar ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take qtern ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and qtern tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor about the best way to control your blood sugar while you are pregnant . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may feel intolerant_to_lactose ( a temporary fall in blood pressure , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). you should not take clopidogrel krka d . d . with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). you should not take clopidogrel krka d . d . with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o non - steroidal anti - inflammatory
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or surgery in your veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer in your veins or veins . - if you are taking another surgery used to treat surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - if you are taking another surgery used to prevent surgery ( oral contraceptives ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also under " other arteries " below ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you have recently had surgery or are at increased risk of developing blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) in the veins of your veins ( veins or cancer ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs (
do not use rapiscan - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you are currently taking other medicines which affect the production of blood clots . these include : - all other medicines to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or a medicine which is used to increase the risk of blood clots . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure , as your dose may need to be adjusted . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you are suffering from any of the following : - shortness of breath or chest pain - chest pain - chest pain - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - headache , shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure when you stand up or sit up suddenly - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking a medicine used to lower your blood pressure , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate treatment during treatment and for 6 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel dizzy , headache or have problems with treatment . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . kaftrio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 10 ml , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : 56 if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious liver problems . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using local_treatments : if you have currently had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in red blood cells ). if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without naion ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without naion ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without naion ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without naion ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without naion ). if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain if : you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , a bleeding disorder ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , a bleeding disorder ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop abseamed . risk of lactic acidosis naion may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your heart is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , naion ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the gut has a reduced supply of naion ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms of schizophrenia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as sleepiness , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain after stopping or reducing your treatment . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with pramipexole accord . your blood pressure will be checked before , during ( every three months ) and after ( up to two to five years ) treatment with pramipexole accord . it is important to check your blood pressure checked regularly , especially at the beginning of treatment . this is to avoid postural hypotension ( a fall in blood pressure on standing up ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) or other heart conditions ( such as irregular heartbeat , atrial fibrillation , atrial flutter , delirium ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat a
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6. because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines as they may interfere with the procedure . pregnancy and breast feeding if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use machines until the vision is clear . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with levetiracetam_actavis , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems . if you have difficulty passing urine . if you have severe breathing problems during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine : seek immediate medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , discomfort , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate medical help immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate medical help immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision , discomfort or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get tightness of the chest , discomfort , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a sudden allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a decrease in red blood pressure . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get any of the following : - eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking treatment for the treatment of this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . however , if you experience abnormal vision , discomfort or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a decrease in vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had a allergic reaction after any other medicine you have ever had asthma ( see section 4 ) children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy 58 is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine affects your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per 100 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , as your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamins ( used to treat bleeding ) - rifampicin ( a medicine used to correct bleeding ) - any medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation , used to treat allergic reactions ) - tingling , numbness , tingling , swelling , or st john ' s wort ( herbal treatment ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of lenalidomide : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone . st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john '
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you may experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing and a severe allergic reaction . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . severe allergic reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these reactions can be signs of an allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek medical help immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ): - headaches , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to any of the following signs : an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ) or headaches ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an allergic reaction ) to a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ): - headaches , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction with an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as nausea and vomiting ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , headaches , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - headaches , vomiting , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( headaches ), nausea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . such signs include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ) or headaches ( see section 4 " possible side effects ").
