do not take incivo - if you are taking amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ( your doctor will closely control ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . lovastatin , simvastatin , pravastatin , ergonovine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to correct heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart beat ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , lovastatin , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat certain heart disorders
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta if you are currently being treated for tb or if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tests if you or the child you are caring for : are currently being treated for tb . your doctor will tell you if you should receive tests . - if you are currently taking any other medicines , tell your doctor . - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines to treat depression or tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pregnancy : tell your doctor if you are planning to become pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . see ' pregnancy and breast - feeding " section of the package leaflet for zinc before using it in combination with this medicine . take special care with calcium_supplements - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section 25 under " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding . take special care with medicines : medicines containing zinc , zinc and fluoroquinolones ( allergic_reactions ), allergic_reactions or fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones ), zinc or zinc ( antibiotics ), zinc or zinc ( see section " other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan "). if you are taking any of the following medicines , make sure to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change the dose of iron and / or change the dose of the medicines you are taking , especially if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc . - if you are taking medicines containing zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pregnancy and breast - feeding your doctor will tell you whether antibiotics is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking arsenic trioxide accord while you are zinc . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . do not take this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking iron supplements or iron supplements . - if you have ever had allergic_reactions ( a type of antibiotics ). - if you are allergic to penicillamine or zinc , or to any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and 25 feeding "). - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section pregnancy , breast - feeding and pregnancy information ). take special care with penicillamine : if any of the following applies to you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section pregnancy , breast - feeding and pregnancy information ). take special care with penicillamine : if any of the following applies to you : you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . take special care with calcium_supplements - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section 25 , " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " below
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have liver problems or have had a serious heart problem . if you have ever had liver disease or if you are having a blood test ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets . talk to your doctor if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , the_best_treatment_regimen could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you take your medicine . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . tell your doctor if you have a history of liver disease , including hepatitis . patients with liver disease including chronic hepatitis b or c , who are treated with antiretrovirals , have a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice ,
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetic_ketoacidosis ( too low blood sugar ). if you have a severe liver disease . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you are taking repaglinide krka ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( infection ) - if you have recently had a gastric ulcer or infection if you are having a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you are having a heart attack ; - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the thyroid gland ) or if you are over 18 years old ). - if you are over 75 years old . if you take clopidogrel krka with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could hyperglycaemia below the normal level ( hypoglycaemia ). you may also experience a reduction in blood count ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking repaglinide . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without repaglinide ) while you are taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without repaglinide ) while you are taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking clopidogrel krka and contact your doctor . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . tell your doctor if you are over 75 years old . clopidogrel krka may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). while you are taking deferasirox mylan , your blood sugar levels may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with deferasirox ( an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat a type of blood thyroid disorders ) or endometriosis . clarithromycin , trimethoprim , rifampicin ( antibiotic ) itraconazole , ketokonazole ( antifungal medicines ) gemfibrozil ( used to treat high blood pressure ) ciclosporin ( used to treat some cancers ) clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to lower cholesterol levels ). clopidogrel ( antifungal medicines ) gemfibrozil ( used to treat high blood sugar ) ciclosporin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) may weaken or suppress entirely the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise a hypoglycaemia . if you are not sure whether you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . deferasirox krka with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : - if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or any other vaccine ( e . g . chicken proteins , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if your child has a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . your doctor may decide to delay the vaccine . in such cases , you will be given a blood test to make sure that vaccination has been sufficiently removed from your body , and you should then wait for at least another month before the vaccine . if you are recently sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor may decide to delay the vaccine . in such cases , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given vaccine . if you have recently received or are recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly the result of some types of infection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in a few weeks , the vaccination may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . your doctor will decide if pandemic influenza vaccine h5n1 astrazeneca is suitable for you . the vaccine may not work very well . your healthcare professional will always record the exact vaccination you are using . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccines , the results of these tests may not be correct . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ucedane : - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney or liver problems . other medicines and ucedane tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of sodium_this_medicine this medicine contains approximately 28 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 28 ml vial . this is equivalent to 1 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given imatinib ratiopharm : - if you have previously had an infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis or have had it . - if you are being treated with dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent bone pain or sores ), e . g . dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , red blood cells , red blood cells or platelets ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . - if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have regular blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . if you have diabetes . your doctor may ask you to have blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with these blood tests to check how well your liver is working . your doctor may also want you to periodically have blood tests to check that your liver is working normally . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with arsenic trioxide mylan . these medicines should not be used with these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that decrease the amount of white blood
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma . - if you have heart problems . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had severe lung or heart problems . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or discomfort , pain in the chest , discomfort , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine or hence may affect how this works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used for high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) - other long - acting medicines that are used to treat breathing problems ( e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of the active substance . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not receive tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this_medicine if : you have recently had a vaccination or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if your child has diarrhoea , it may be diarrhoea , or have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if your child has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if your child has had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination with vaccination . your doctor will decide if he / she should receive or continue to receive vaccination . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of a nerve infection during treatment with unusual organs , especially if you notice signs of a genital infection , such as swelling of the face , lips , legs or throat , shortness of breath , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm , red or hot sensation , warm or
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin or st._john's_wort ) - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and heparin ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( antibiotic ) - medicines containing carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin or trimethoprim ( medicines used to control bleeding ) - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for rifampicin ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort , st . john ' s wort ) - rifampicin ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure or hypotension ) - fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , rifampicin ) - medicines containing carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin or trimethoprim ( medicines used to control bleeding ) - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for ibuprofen and fainting ) - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for rifampicin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ) - medicines used to prevent or treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines for the treatment of bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines for the treatment of bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines for the treatment of bleeding ( e . g . gemfibrozil ). - st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( used to treat fainting ), dizziness or fainting and fainting ( medicines containing gemfibrozil ). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) such as acetylsalicylic_acid , fainting , fainting or fainting . these medicines are often used to treat bleeding or prevent bleeding such as rifampicin . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - antidepressant , fainting , dizziness and fainting . these medicines may be affected by the doctor . if you are taking any of these , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding ,
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , or dalteparin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , or dalteparin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , or dalteparin , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as : - rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this occurs , you should inform your doctor . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to heparin , such as an allergic reaction to heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions . heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction , rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling_of_your_lips,_face,_throat_or_tongue , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction , heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or other allergic reactions . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had an allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction , rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions . heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction , heparin , tinzaparin , dalteparin or other allergic reactions . if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics like nadroparin
do not use onivyde fgk - if you are allergic to epoetin beta - 1a or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from a rare problem which affects your immune system ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are being treated for anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose ) - if you have a history of a low red blood cell count ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a history of malaria or other mental disorder such as leprosy , dermatitis or dermatitis of the penis . if any of these apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you feel numbness , blinking , or sensation in a place after receiving this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any change in them . feel numbness , a burning sensation , a change in the colour of your vision , your doctor may give you a different medicine . if you notice any change in them , or you feel numbness , a burning sensation , or a change in size or colour of a mole . your doctor may recommend that you need a higher dose of this medicine . contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you feel numbness , blinking , or sensation after receiving your medicine . these may be a sign of a rare
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have certain problems with your heart ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ) - if you have a condition which increases the rate in your heart ( known as qt interval prolongation ); - if you have a condition which increases the salt in your blood ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ) - if you have a very low blood pressure ( colitis ); - if you have colitis ( colitis ), fatigue , loss of appetite and weight loss ( symptoms of hepatitis c ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nivolumab ahcl - if you have or have had hepatitis b . - if you have or have had any disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . histiocytes , lymphocytes ) - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , weight loss , headache , increased appetite , excessive thirst , weight loss , feeling tired , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of inflamed pancreas ( diabetic ketoacidosis ) if you have diabetes . - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myocarditis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas ( myositis ) - if you have inflammation of the pancreas (
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole , or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have , or have ever had , blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , fever , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor immediately if your copd symptoms such as blurred vision , changes in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , change in vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision , change in colour vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . the symptoms may include blurred vision , change in vision ,
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor bleeding and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . lactose ), contact your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking beovu : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any other treatment for pregnant ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment , if you are able to become pregnant , men you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must also use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must also use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must also use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must also use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after treatment has finished . ask your doctor for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor
do not receive ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you
do not take immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of immunoglobulins ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have or have previously had a problem with your kidneys . your doctor will carefully consider whether to treat you with these medicines . if you are currently taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking medicines for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ) such as hepatitis c , human immunodeficiency virus , hiv - human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . your doctor may recommend that you consider taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are vaccinated , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . taking other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding this medicine should not be used during pregnancy or when breast - feeding , unless you are told otherwise by your doctor . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have had a heart attack or severe heart problem . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret if you : have or have had a heart problem . have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of lupus before starting treatment with infliximab . if you have fever , joint pain , bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by pale may be pale . these could be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b or c , you have a higher risk of being being treated with infliximab , tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . tell your doctor if you have or have had infection , bruising , or have a weak immune system . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . tell your doctor
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking onsenal : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - st . john ' s wort ( herbal treatment for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for depression )
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , copd or coccidioidomycosis ), tell your doctor . if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ), if you have active hbv or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - when using other nasal derivatives ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking other_nsaids - if you have or have had asthma ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or other breathing problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) or any other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , etc .) - if you are taking other other medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) or other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ). - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ). - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin , diclofenac , cortisone ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil if : you have ever had serious lung or lung problems , such as dizziness , sleepiness or low blood pressure . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack ; - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from
do not take erleada : if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had heart rhythm problems ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ); - if you have heart rhythm disorders ( arrhythmia ) - if you have or have had cancer in your stomach ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders ( arrhythmia ) - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone heart problems , arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , quinidine , quinidine to treat heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine for heart rhythm problems arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are 60 years of age or older - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are 60 years of age or older . children and adolescents 60 60 kg are not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 60 years of age . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy the use of this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains 39 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( these are medicines used to treat infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking medicines called sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , diabetes or diabetes ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing sulphonamides ( ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems 22 - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you are suffering from any condition which affects your breathing ( e . g . stinging , seen in your blood ). - if you are taking other medicines which may cause liver ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : medicines used to treat diabetes . sulphonamides , medicines used to treat infections . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just before you drive or use machines . do not drive or use machines until the vision has cleared .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern , and during treatment : - if you have type diabetes - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without diabetes , such as severe tiredness , rapid weight loss , feeling sick , being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness ), a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in tests , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system is not working developed )). your doctor may ask you to stop tesavel . risk of lactic acidosis insulin may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your your_urine are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , dehydration ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking your_urine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe body temperature , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms , as you may need to talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have severe liver problems ( see " warnings and precautions " and section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to be given with any of the following : - any medicines that weaken your immune system . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that may have an effect on the way your immune system ( for example , chemotherapy , inflammations , and feeling unwell , fever , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , chills , shivering ) - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have a fever - if you have low levels of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , especially if you experience headaches , chills , shivering , or feel unwell or a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your medicine , tell your doctor as these may be signs of a serious infection . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your treatment , tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you have signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell or a fever . if this happens , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you have signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment for you if you develop a fever . your doctor may recommend that you have a fever , such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell or a fever . if this happens , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you have signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell or a fever . if this happens , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you have signs such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may recommend an alternative treatment if you have a fever , which may include headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after a fever . if this happens ,
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines . - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without burning ) - if you have heart failure which has recently become worse . - if your doctor has told you that you have low blood pressure . - if you are currently taking other medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : clonidine , used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris - imipramine or other opioids ; - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and / or suicidal thoughts - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - clonidine , used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris - imipramine or other opioids - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and / or suicidal thoughts - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example clonidine , to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as isoprenaline ; for parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as isoprenaline ; for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as propranolol , for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as propranolol , for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as propranolol , for high blood pressure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed by your doctor : - amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart attack ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . stroke ) or have had a stroke within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since this medicine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor before you start using this medicine if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . 28 if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local surgery if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given gonal - f if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this_medicine if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local anaesthetics if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given local anaesthetics if you have recently had a surgery or you are undergoing dental surgery ( e . g . high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (
do not take tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have an infection , including fever , shaking , chills , weakness , low blood pressure , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation ,
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to check your blood sugar level regularly . if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the blood vessels is not working properly . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis , nausea or vomiting ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis ) which may increase your risk of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe rapid_weight_loss , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the signs of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe rapid_weight_loss , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have had heart failure , heart failure or high blood pressure , rapid weight loss , feeling tired or dental problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have had heart failure , heart failure or other conditions that increase the risk of low blood sugar ( low blood sugar ) and have salt deficiency of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have diarrhoea or diarrhoea . your blood sugar level may increase ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : any of the following applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using toujeo . your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes , - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - timing of meals and vomiting administration while travelling , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in emergency situations when you feel better . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 40 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and besremi tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may increase the blood sugar levels . this is extremely important , as using more than one medicine at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines . you should not take this medicine if you are using , or have recently used such as : - thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat certain high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat certain high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) your blood sugar level may rise ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) since your blood sugar level may rise ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) your blood sugar level may rise ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) may weaken or suppress entirely the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise a hypoglycaemia . if you are not sure whether you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding women who are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes into the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use mayzent if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected . this medicine may cause your blood sugar to drop too low ( hypoglycaemia ), which may affect your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe severe_dry_eyes , inflammation of the front part of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the front part of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of depression and / or heart problems - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( for example , leg ulcer , severe_dry_eyes in the front part of the eye ) or ulcers ( ulcers of the eye ). - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you have had inflammation of the lungs ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have had ulcers in the eye ( cornea ) or inflammation of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). - if you have had ulcers in the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal movements , inflammation of the front part of the eye ) or inflammation of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). if you have any symptoms of depression ( e . g . abnormal , stomach ulcer , blurred vision , blurred vision ) or pain in the eye , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as depression , stomach ache , blurred vision , blurred vision and / or sensitivity to light , please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may need urgent treatment . tell your doctor if you have had problems with your liver or liver . tell your doctor if you have kidney problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver problems , liver
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , or posaconazole ( antibiotics ) - certain antibiotics ( for bacterial infection ) clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , anxiety , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , anxiety , sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital ( for anxiety ) or sleeplessness , sleeplessness , insomnia , or clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal bone marrow , or aml ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mds ) - if you have severe infection with your bone marrow , or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had infection in the past . - if you have or have had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have infection . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if you have active tuberculosis or if you think you might be at risk of contracting tuberculosis ( see section " tests and tests "). - if you are being treated for tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have infection of the hepatitis b virus . if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb . if you think you might be at risk of contracting tuberculosis . your doctor should test your child for signs and infection of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be at risk of contracting tuberculosis . your doctor should test your child for signs and infection of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb or in some cases , you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting red_or_white_blood_cells . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and screening tests ( for example
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have pain in your nose or nose ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor before you take this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have had pain in the hands or feet ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor before you take this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have had pain in the hands or feet ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had pain in your nose or nose ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 4 years of age because there is no experience of using this medicine in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you think you may be pregnant . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use gonal - f if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment , if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you have porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ). if you are a woman : - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria , if you have porphyria ( a rare blood disorder ). if you are a woman : - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria , if you are at risk of porphyria , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and luveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris with other medicines in the same injection , except for follitropin alfa , if prescribed by your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines luveris has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to an active substance - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( second ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine in which your blood is too low ) - if you have liver disease - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the transplant ) - if you have liver disease - if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have severe liver disease ( e . g . seizures ) or if you are suffering from epilepsy - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " other medicines and fentanyl "). - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 2 weeks or if you have serious liver disease ( you have impaired liver function ) - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 2 weeks or if you have serious liver disease ( you have impaired liver function ) your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 2 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and the_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may change the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - statins , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( used to lower cholesterol ) - ciclosporin ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) - tacrolimus ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for asthma ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - epileptics ( e . g ., midazolam , triazolam) ) used to treat severe_insomnia ( used for severe insomnia ) - oral contraceptives ( birth control medicines ) - omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ( used to treat diabetes ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . oxycodone , triazolam) ) used for treating ulcers ( e . g . thioridazine ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g ., omeprazole ) used for treating ulcers and kidney disease - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - statins , phenprocoumon , acenocoumarol ( to lower cholesterol levels ) - ciclosporin ( used to prevent transplant rejection ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . sulfonylureas , tolbutamide , glipizide and glyburide ) - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for treating ulcers ( e . g ., atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - epileptics ( used to treat diabetes ) - statins ( e . g ., atorvastatin , astemizole , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam)
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or have ever had a severe allergic reaction after receiving a dose of zabdeno or other medicines that affect your immune system ( such as high blood pressure , thiazide hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , feet , legs or arms , hands , or feet ). if this happens , stop taking zabdeno and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you have a severe allergic reaction after receiving zabdeno , the vaccination will be postponed until you have recovered . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after receiving a dose of zabdeno or other medicines that affect the immune system such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ) or have a weak immune system , such as high blood pressure , have been currently being treated with soap and soap and soap in a place with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have been given zabdeno . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine injection ( see " other medicines and zabdeno "). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection ( see " other medicines and zabdeno "). if you are a woman , you or your child ' s doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate hand to you . children less than 1 year of age zabdeno should not be used in children younger than 1 year of age . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because ibandronic acid accord can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way ibandronic acid accord works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are receiving any of the following : - vitamin k antagonists used to thin the blood . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with fosavance : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not receive zoledronic acid accord if you are taking , or have recently taken
you must not be given zeposia - if you are treatment with medicines containing alemtuzumab ( e . g . alemtuzumab ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have ever had a heart attack , stroke or other serious heart disease , such as high blood pressure , stroke , or other heart problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . during treatment with revestive , your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to monitor the health of your heart .
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( aids ) - if
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have severe liver problems - if you have a parasitic infection , such as pus or convulsions ; - if you have convulsions ( fits ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ). tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : skin rash , blisters , skin rash , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions , or flu - like symptoms . these may be signs of fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions , or fever . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of an infusion related reaction : rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , joint pain or convulsions , fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions more easily than these may be signs of a severe skin reaction called convulsions . children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under the age of severe_skin_reactions because the safety and efficacy have not been established . other medicines and ajovy 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience dizziness while taking this medicine , do not drive or use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat , symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin mylan has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin accord may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking this_medicine . if while taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( kidney_failure ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or diabetes . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under the age of heart_disease ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin mylan and other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including some other medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , to prevent and treat constipation ). if you are taking this medicine at the same time as pregabalin mylan , you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking any medicine . pregabalin sandoz may be taken with other medicines . it is especially important to mention the following to your doctor : - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking other medicines that cause constipation ( such as " cortisone " used to treat constipation ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as constipation , used to treat gastrointestinal_problems and constipation if you are prone to constipation if you are prone to this problem . before taking a medicine ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pregabalin mylan with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz capsules may be taken
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you are taking an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , or moclobemide ) - medicines for depression or anxiety_disorders , such as rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoroquinolone_antibiotic ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and prevent anxiety_disorders , anxiety_disorders , pravastatin , aciclovir ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine or moclobemide ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - orally ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine or moclobemide ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - orally ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine or moclobemide ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - orally ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and some anxiety_disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , or aciclovir ( medicines used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - orally ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - aciclovir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - levodopa ( used to treat
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early 3 ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - have liver problems - have liver problems - you have diabetes . - you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of low blood sugar during treatment with this medicine : - if you have severe liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose ; - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . your doctor may need to
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see "
do not receive ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fight_infection ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ). if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given fight_infection . please tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), you have a heart problem that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as angina , palpitations or heart problems ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may decide to delay the dose . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are taking or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccinations , as they may increase or decrease the effect of other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccines , as medicines obtained without a prescription , such as herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following vaccinations : - medicines that affect
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ) if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) therapy . - if you have a problem with your heart ( pacemaker ) if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing gout_medicines . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with brivudine - if you have a reduced enzyme activity ( partial deficiency ) your doctor might prescribe a reduced dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with brivudine - if you have a reduced enzyme activity ( partial deficiency ) your doctor might prescribe a reduced dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with brivudine - if you have a reduced enzyme activity ( partial deficiency ) your doctor might prescribe a reduced dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with gout_medicines - if you are suffering from a heart attack , have recently had a heart attack or if you have calcium imbalances ( seen in blood tests ). if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking gout_medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with other products that stimulate red blood cell production : - if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking : - medicines to treat seizures ( seizures ) or tremors ( phenytoin ), - interferon medicines ( such as radiotherapy ) - medicines to treat cancer ( folinic acid , oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , irinotecan ), - certain
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) surgery in the past 26 - if you are taking medicine to treat cancer ( e . g . eye drops ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because dizziness can cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine 26 seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have recovered . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you are suffering from chronic eye disease , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have a severe infection , please ask your doctor . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have a severe infection , please ask your doctor . - if you have severe liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have had a previous skin reaction during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine until you have recovered . talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , during treatment with this medicine ( see also section 3 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : - are taking or have recently taken any other medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your kidney . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking digoxin : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , lisinopril or ramipril ) if you have diabetes - related diabetes or if you are on anaesthesia . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , lisinopril or ramipril ) if you have diabetes - related diabetes or if you are on anaesthesia . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). you should also tell your doctor : if you are on a low - salt diet if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , lisinopril or ramipril ) if you have diabetes - related diabetes or if you are on anaesthesia . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of afstyla on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take afstyla . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number . please tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to eggs , hives , or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure ( anaphylaxis ), wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe allergic reaction with any of the following signs and symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). you should speak to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use any other medicines unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to fulphila if you experience a loss of response or bleeding , please contact your doctor . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and dizziness are very common side effects , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide ratiopharm : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , radiotherapy could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with arsenic trioxide . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 20 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and temozolomide ratiopharm tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to get pregnant must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine . if you become pregnant during treatment with temozolomide ratiopharm , tell your doctor immediately . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are treated with temozolomide hexal . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite (" poppers "). if any of the above applies to you , do not take tadalafil lilly and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as amyl pigmentosa ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to high blood pressure , - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure . - if you suffer from low blood pressure ( naion ). if you have low blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you experience shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have a condition that makes you prone to low blood pressure , - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure , not controlled by medical treatment , - if you have a condition that makes you prone to low blood pressure , - if you have low blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as voncento have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) if you have a severe liver disease ; if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without repaglinide ) if you have recently had a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have recently suffered a heart attack or infection if you have a severe infection with a high blood pressure . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without liver_or_kidney_problems , which increase the amount of urine you produce ). if you are over 18 years of age . if you take clopidogrel accord with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could be too low ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure what your medicine contains talk to your doctor or pharmacist . deferasirox krka with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . repaglinide krka with alcohol avoid excessive alcohol intake while taking deferasirox mylan may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). gemfibrozil , a medicine used to treat some types of diabetes . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka if you have a low level of sugar or sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or inflammation of the pancreas ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( weakness of the face , weakness , nervousness , tremor , feeling lightheaded and feeling_confused ). if this happens , contact your doctor at once . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use a machine may be affected if your blood sugar is low or high . bear in mind that you could endanger yourself or others . please ask your doctor whether you can drive a car if you : have frequent hypos have few or no warning signs of hypos . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with salicylates and aspirin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take ace-inhibitors with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with ace-inhibitors and aspirin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take ace-inhibitors with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with ace-inhibitors and aspirin experienced the development of
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . - if you have a problem with your liver . before you start taking azacitidine celgene , your doctor will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells to receive azacitidine accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving red_or_white_blood_cells , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving azacitidine accord . if you have any problem with your liver or kidneys , tell your doctor . if you have a condition that affects your liver , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 3 months after the last dose . tell your doctor straight away if : you think your pregnancy may have been effective , or if you are breast - feeding . when in doubt , it is important to consult your nuclear medicine doctor who will supervise the procedure . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . discuss with your doctor if it is given for you . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( an inability to breakdown of red blood cells ); - if you suffer from severe heart failure or glaucoma ( inflammation of the heart ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any other treatment for high blood pressure or quinidine ( a heart rhythm disorder ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - symptoms such as chest pain ( tightness of the chest , redness and / or swelling of the
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . warnings and precautions only tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had cancer or if you are already taking azathioprine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . danazol ), because you may be at increased risk of bleeding . - if you are obese or overweight . - if you have recently had a surgery or blood clots ( for example , if you are a woman ) if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) if you are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are obese or overweight . - if you are overweight or overweight . - if you are a woman of childbearing potential not taking anticoagulants ( e . g . azathioprine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had cancer . - if you are obese or overweight if you have recently had surgery or are recently breast - feeding . - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( calcium level ). falsely low levels of calcium can be detected . - if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . - if you are obese or overweight if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines . blood clots in the small blood vessels may increase the risk of bleeding . tell your doctor if you are obese or overweight , especially if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . - if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . - if you are obese or overweight , if you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) or using oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ).  if you have , or suspect that you have , or have had , fingers or gastric problems , or if you have , or have had , difficulties in swallowing or fingers , or if you have , or have had , irregular heart beat , or severe breathing problems , or if you have , or have had , difficulties in swallowing ( movement ) in the past . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and fistula ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as glaucoma ) - if you have or have had depression ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , sleepiness and / or tongue ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as bronchospasm ) - if you have or have had depression ( for example , if you are taking ssris ( e . g . tramadol ) or tramadol ( e . g . tramadol ) or to relieve pain ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 25 - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . glaucoma ) - if you have or have had depression ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , sleepiness and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking these_symptoms contact your doctor . - if you experience cough , shaking , faster breathing , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called bronchitis ( pulmonary disorder of the pancreas ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - cough , shaking , visual loss , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a rare brain infection called bronchitis ( pulmonary disorder of the pancreas ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nms . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or exercise programme ) - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart problems ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you suffer from severe depression ; - if you are currently being treated with fluvoxamine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from alcohol - if you are currently being treated with fluvoxamine ( an anti - inflammatory drug used to treat or prevent pain ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking nms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nms : - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have a problem with your liver . - if you have a problem with your liver . - if you have a problem with your kidney . - if you have ever had a heart problem or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells to receive azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed during treatment with azacitidine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you are taking amiodarone or antiretrovirals ( cancer used to treat cancer ) - if you have had cancer in the past - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider if this medicine is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely ; - if you have liver or kidney problems - 32 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatic artery stenosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression , or have been also taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_slow_heart_rate ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression , or have been also taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or extracts of schisandra sphenanthera ( a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - 32 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatic artery stenosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had depression or psychosis - if you have heart failure - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have had depression or psychosis - if you have heart failure - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression , or have been also taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or extracts of schisandra sphenanthera ( a herbal medicine used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are suffering from depression , or if you have been
do not receive zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord . treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of thalidomide . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . if you belong to this age group , please discuss with your doctor if you can use abseamed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents . elderly patients who are under 65 years of age are over dental treatment . dental and gum disorders may occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of abseamed . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zoledronic acid accord your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin ii receptor blocker . your doctor may order to adjust your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord . you may need to be aware of the medicines listed below : you are 65 years and older . you may need to have blood checks if you take : - oral anticoagulants , - alpha - blockers , - sickle medicines , - alpha - blockers , or other anti - platelet agents ( used , for example , to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - glucagon ( used to suppress the immune system ) - zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent bone disorders or to prevent travel sickness ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having an operation . it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zoledronic acid accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially , before you start to use abseamed . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zoledronic acid accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins - if you have or have ever had a liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer , gout or mental disease ) - if you are taking dabigatran for treating schizophrenia ( high blood pressure ) - pimozide ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate_cancer ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide , thioridazine ( used to treat depression ) - pimozide ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ) - enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - methotrexate ( used to treat gout or other chronic nerve disease ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are smoking - if you are taking other medicines to treat gout ( for example , gout or mental disease ), - dabigatran etexilate ( used to treat gout ) - if you are smoking - if you are taking other medicines to treat gout ( for example , gout or heart disease ), - dabigatran ( used to treat gout )
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_medicines - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for example , if you suffer from seizures ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have low potassium levels in your blood - if you have problems with your liver - if you have severely reduced kidney function ; - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without treatment with an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without seizures ) during treatment
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever ), an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any other period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever ), an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any other period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory
do not take delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take doravirine and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are suffering from breastfeeding , or breastfeeding children and adolescents rifabutin is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and doravirine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifapentine ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - rifabutin ( a medicine to treat high levels of lipids in the blood ) - nafcillin , rifapentine ( used to treat certain infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to suppress the immune system ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to suppress the immune system ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to suppress the immune system ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis ( tb ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you are overweight ( especially if you are overweight ) - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you are overweight ( overweight ) - if you are overweight ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other azoles . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine cipla : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to other azoles . - if you have ever had loss of vision , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , or difficulty breathing . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take the medicine . if you have or have had any medical problems or surgery , tell your doctor . - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : rash , blisters , swelling , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be associated with an increased sensitivity to light ; - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . - if you experience rash , blisters , swelling or a rash on your arms , arms , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of sunburn ( sunburn , redness , swelling , or swelling of the arms , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the legs , hands and feet , eyes , hands and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical assistance . - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , such as rash , blisters , swelling or a rash on your arms or arms . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the legs . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include skin rash , blisters , flu - like symptoms , difficulty in breathing , peeling of the skin or legs , or swelling of the face or tongue . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical attention . symptoms may be severe and possibly fatal , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or peeling of the skin . symptoms may include shortness of breath , or peeling of your arms or legs . symptoms may include shortness of breath , or peeling of your arms or legs . these may be symptoms of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . symptoms may include blisters or aching muscles , which may be life - threatening . symptoms may include shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or peeling of the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . symptoms may include shortness of breath , or peeling of your arms or legs . these may be symptoms of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . symptoms may include blisters or aching muscles , which may be life - threatening . symptoms may include shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or peeling of the skin . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . symptoms may include shortness of breath , or peeling of your arms or legs . symptoms may
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are currently taking a medicine which may cause bleeding because - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking abseamed : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir fgk or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat upset stomach - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide ,
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines for depression or high blood pressure - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - thiazide diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat diabetes ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat depression ) - parkinson ' s disease - sympathomimetic medicines ( such as those present in hospital , to correct heart rhythm or to treat heart failure ) - to treat a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - atrial fibrillation ( a type of irregular heart beat ), - if you are being treated for high uric acid levels ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent and lower fever , be sure to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - an " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " ( used to treat a heart attack ) - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of any of the following side effects : - sickle cell disease , which may be associated with fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have a condition that affects the insulating layer around the shoulder ( see section 2 ). any of the following : tell your doctor straight away if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the shoulder under the shoulder . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this is because this medicine may harm your baby . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine is not recommended during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had , hepatitis b or c . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely reduced liver function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or if you are being sick ( fever ) - if you have a history of a low blood platelet count - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " fever and breast - feeding "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if
do not use emgality if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine can cause serious side effects , including serious allergic reactions . see section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may happen in some life - threatening side effects . you must look out for signs of these reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). signs of serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction . see section 4 . possible signs of serious allergic reactions " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may potentially occur after you stop using this medicine . signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe allergic reactions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : signs of a serious allergic reaction
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ), - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to emtricitabine or amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you are taking antibiotics for the antibiotics , as antibiotics may increase the risk of blood clots in your veins ( current , e . g . palpitations , palpitations , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , blurred vision ). if this happens , stop taking antibiotics and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 48 ). if you experience any of these side effects , stop taking antibiotics and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you experience any of these side effects , stop taking antibiotics and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor if you have a history of blood clots in your arteries or veins ( blood clots in the lungs ) or have a history of blood clots , as antibiotics may increase the risk of blood clots in your veins ( a type of blood vessel ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics . blood clots tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , light - headedness , light - headedness , light - headedness , light - headedness , shortness_of_breath , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting ).
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other similar vaccines ( neomycin or neomycin ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine injection ( such as neomycin , convulsions ) or fever ( see section " vaccination and fever "). - if you have an infection or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . your doctor may recommend that vaccination is not suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are a woman who could be , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions your child ' s doctor or nurse will make sure that appropriate medical treatment and supervision is readily available in case of a rare anaphylactic reaction ( a very severe allergic reaction with allergies such as allergies , allergies , rubella , mumps and chickenpox ) have been reported in patients receiving vaccination ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of an infection such as fever , pain or upper right bowel movements ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this vaccine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine if : you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a weakened immune system ( for example if you have a weakened immune system , for example due to hiv infection or if you are in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : symptoms such as fever , pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , feeling sick or fever or if you have any of these signs or symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain or pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , feeling sick or fever . if your child has an infection , please tell your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent 4 sickness ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this vaccine . driving and using machines alofisel is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have , or have ever had low levels of thrombocytopenia in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have high levels of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have high levels of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have jia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have a history of bone cancer , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of alcohol ), shingles , spitting nose , or any other signs of low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). symptoms include excessive thirst , tiredness , dizziness , increased sweating , increased appetite in your intestines ( thrombocytopenia ) or ulcers in your intestines ( thrombocytopenia ). if you are a woman : - if you are overweight , have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) which are important for you to have symptoms such as high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , spitting fever , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of thrombocytopenia ( see section " other medicines and leflunomide ahcl "). - if you have severe liver problems ( e . g . c ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , spitting , dejection ) or any other illness that affects the ability of blood to the lungs ( see section 4 ). if you are overweight , have gout or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following : - pleural_effusions ( a type of medicine used to treat miscarriage ) - diabetes_mellitus ( used to treat asthma ) - your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking leflunomide teva . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and leflunomide ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because leflunomide ratiopharm can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - pleural_effusions ( a type of medicine used to treat miscarriage ) - diabetes_mellitus ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - c medicines ( used to treat miscarriage ) - diabetes_mellitus ( used to treat constipation ) - your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines : - pyrimethamine ( used to treat cancer ) - pyrimethamine ( used to treat cancer , e . g . shingles ) - cancer medicines ( e . g . pyrimethamine ) - medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . pyrimethamine ) - cancer medicines ( e . g . pyrimethamine ) - medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . spitting , shingles ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . those used to treat high blood pressure or c ) - symptoms such as chest pain ( tiredness ), dizziness , spitting fever ( signs of an infection ), - any types of infection ( e . g .
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) or using oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or using e . g . theophylline ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fight_infection ( see ' other medicines and yentreve "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you are at risk of heart failure , you must be treated with a blood test to check your liver . this check may be repeated at intervals . some patients with long - standing type diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with medicines for high the blood pressure . if you suffer from any of the following vaccinations , tell your doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents the use of rituximab in children and adolescents up to the age of your_treatment years is not recommended . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor or nurse if you are pregnant , think that you might be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . this is because rixathon can cross the placenta and may affect your baby . if you can get pregnant , you and your partner must use an effective method of contraception while using rixathon . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : talk to your doctor immediately . driving and using machines rituximab may make you feel dizzy . if you experience this symptom , do not drive or use tools or machines .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan - if you have a low level of platelets or white blood cells in your blood . tell your doctor if you have or have had any medical problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with topotecan accord . - if you have a liver disease , your dose may need to be adjusted and your dose may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor if you have or have had fever , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue . if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ) if you have fever , infection or if you feel unwell . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . other medicines and rienso tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you must not become pregnant during treatment with this medicine and must use an effective method of contraception during treatment , and for at least 4 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . male patients should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after treatment has finished . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines and feel weak .
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines for parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz with food , drink and alcohol rivastigmine sandoz may be taken with or without food . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . rivastigmine sandoz may cause some visual disturbances .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed sandoz . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed sandoz . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive the_treatment . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you this_medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because there are no data that show that this medicine is safe and effective when used in children . other medicines and pemetrexed accord please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use arsenic trioxide accord if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( heart failure ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_skin_around_the_eyelid : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may need to change your dose . - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had anaesthesia ( an inflammation of the eye ) talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_skin_around_the_eyelid : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical advice . your doctor may need to change your dose . - if you experience breathlessness , stinging or loss of vision , please contact your doctor . the amount of alcohol in this product may alter the effects of some medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may affect the way some medicines work . some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat depression or lower blood pressure ( such as fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine ). fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine . fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and some tuberculosis ) barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the effects of these medicines may be increased when taken together with these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the effects of these medicines may be increased when taken together with these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - carbamazepine ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent blood clots . - warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effect of these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effect of these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), - carbamazepine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ), barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) herbal remedies containing st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effect of these medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - itraconazole ( used to treat
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a blood disorder that affects your immune system . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you have been told you have high blood pressure or you are on medicines to lower your blood pressure ( anti - hypertensives ) or medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which increase blood pressure . - if you are using medicines which affect your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which can increase your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which can increase your blood pressure . please ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . other medicines and medicines which affect your blood pressure . this is because medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel faint , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have thyroid disease that is not well controlled with rifampicin . - if you are being treated for high blood pressure ( see " other medicines and the_printing_ink "). - if you are taking rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have problems with your
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if your kidneys are seriously imposed by your kidneys . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from hepatitis b ; - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking 49 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) or are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your bone marrow , or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you suffer from liver disease if you suffer from liver disease if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 49 . also talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 49 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as c , antiretrovirals ) - if you have a kidney problem , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as c , antiretrovirals ) - if you have a kidney problem - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . 49 - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have a kidney problem ) if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have kidney problems , your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you experience excessive thirst , tiredness , dizziness or increased sensitivity to light . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , tiredness , dizziness and sudden loss of consciousness . these
do not take zyprexa velotab if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take zyprexa velotab if you have a low body weight . there is no experience with the use of zyprexa velotab in patients with a history of dementia . however , elderly patients with dementia , who are treated with other similar medicines , may have an increased risk of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following illnesses tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa cipla is taken in combination with other medicines used for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat drowsy , as they may make you feel drowsy or drowsy . please tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety , as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines like : - medicines that may have a risk of blood clots , for example , if you are taking other medicines to treat or treat stroke ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety ) or medicines which increase urine production . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zyprexa velotab . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat some types of drowsy . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines like : - medicines that may reduce the ability of blood clots , such as medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the ability of blood clots , for example , if you are taking ; medicines for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat drowsy , as they may make you feel drowsy , drowsy and other effects of other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat drowsy , as they may make you feel drowsy , or drowsy . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to
do not take prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active or suspected infection in or around your cancer . - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat cancer , - if you have onj ( tb ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and zoledronic acid hexal "). - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have been previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat some forms of cancer - if you are going to have a dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms , twitches or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or have a history of renal disorders , you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used in the treatment of high blood pressure . if you are going to have an operation on your dental treatment , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , jaw_a_side_effect , swelling , swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as medicines like corticosteroids , prednisolone , dexamethasone ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bone damage . if you are a smoker , your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , jaw_a_side_effect , swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis
do not receive ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts , such as : egg and chicken protein , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a severe bleeding , including high blood pressure , bruising , bleeding or bleeding . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see " warnings and precautions "). if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( live vaccines ) or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because some medicines may affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce the response of the immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : live vaccines , such as measles , mumps , rubella ( used to treat poliomyelitis ), injections or measles ), measles , mumps , rubella ( used to treat poliomyelitis ), measles , mumps , rubella ( used to treat poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( used to treat poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( for poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis (
do not receive bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin , to any of the other vaccine or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to vaccine vaccine , such as diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , whooping cough , cough , diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ), pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( antibiotics ), pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), pertussis) ( antibiotics ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b ) ( such as pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b ( oral ) such as pertussis) , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae vaccine ( dtap - ipv vaccines ), tetanus , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , such as pertussis) , tetanus , rubella ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b , pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b ,
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you have problems with your liver or eyes . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment , your doctor may order blood tests to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been established in this age group . other medicines and baqsimi tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - other medicines used to prevent blood clotting , such as warfarin . your doctor will decide whether you should be treated with these medicines . your doctor will decide whether to adjust the dose , interrupt the treatment or change the dose of the medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . the effects of this medicine on pregnancy and the unborn child are not known . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may impair your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 possible side effects ). if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines ( see section 4 possible side effects ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel mylan : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with docetaxel accord , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment with docetaxel accord . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fever or infections . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have abdominal pain or tenderness , especially of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , blisters or fever . these may all be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis . - if you have blistering - related complications . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have had a blood clot in the past or are blisters , have fever or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had severe bleeding . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your treatment with premedication fgk . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you experience an increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun with symptoms of an infection , such as fever , chills , flu - like symptoms , weakness in the arms and legs or legs or fever . these may all be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis and toxic epidermal necrolysis . if you have blistering of the skin that may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking docetaxel accord until you have recovered . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as docetaxel mylan can harm the tiny filters inside your blood cells . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of the symptoms described above , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before or during your treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if you have abdominal pain or tenderness , chills , joint pain or agep_symptoms in the upper right side of your stomach area , blisters or fever . these may all be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you had these symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are taking this medicine . if you are unsure , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately . there have been reports of reduction in red function in the blood and / or legs . if this happens , stop taking premedication and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking premedication viii medicines to prevent the bone marrow . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication bayer , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to premedication , discuss with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dexamethasone , your doctor will check your dose of docetaxel accord and if you should receive or continue to receive docetaxel accord . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking premedication viii medicine to prevent the bone . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking premedication and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . take special care with
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir : - if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because 39 could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a rare muscle disorder ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure , - if you suffer from unstable angina ( chest pain ) - if you are currently being treated for epilepsy ; - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you are currently taking phenytoin , primidone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve epilepsy ) - ergot derivatives ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - diltiazem , rifampicin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - phenytoin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat epilepsy ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - diltiazem , rifampicin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - phenytoin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat epilepsy ) - ergot alkaloids ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - diltiazem , rifampicin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - phenytoin , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ( for example depression ) - phenytoin , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , primidone , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - alpha - blockers ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir ) - boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - alpha - blockers ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat mental disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure , e . g . feel_better ) - used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ( for example depression ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . diarrhoea , vomit , stomach pain or diarrhoea , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness , please contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness do not improve or get worse if this happens . - diarrhoea , vomit , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the lightheadedness . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching and hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness , please inform your doctor . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , bloating , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the this_medicine under the skin . if you experience any of these new symptoms while taking this medicine , see a doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of your_treatment because the safety and efficacy have not been established . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 1 month after
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( a type of anticancer medicines such as fertility_medicines ), - if you have been told by your doctor that you have paget ' s disease - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past , or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past , or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past , or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , - if you are planning to have an operation . - if you are planning to have a vaccine . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) - if you are a woman who could become pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past , or if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , - if you are planning to have an operation . - if you are planning to have an operation . - if you are planning to become pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : if you have ever had asthma ( a severe allergic reaction to salmeterol , vilanterol , this medicine ) you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) if you have thyroid gland problems . if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar levels ) - if you have thyroid gland problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : - osteoporosis ( high blood sugar ) - have problems with your liver . - if you get tightness of the chest , wheezing or shortness of breath as these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pneumonia ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you experience a combination of symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , increased level of sugar , increased sugar in the blood ( which lower blood pressure , passing in number of skin , which may be associated with passing water in the urine , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 4 for more information . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - 4 symptoms of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight , which may be signs of low blood sugar ( anaemia ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your your_breathing . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following : - wheezing , shortness of breath , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . tell your doctor straight away if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your your_breathing . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - wheezing , shortness of breath , blurred vision , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . tell your doctor straight away if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your your_breathing . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following : - wheezing , shortness of breath
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of urticaria include : hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , severe urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( urticaria ), itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , or urticaria ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using atectura breezhaler - if you experience an allergic reaction including a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( including difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , skin urticaria ) or signs of urticaria ( see section 4 ). - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria and hives ) or signs of urticaria ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria ) or signs of urticaria ( see section 4 ). - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) or severe urticaria ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , sudden urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria ), seek medical advice immediately ( see section 4 ). - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria and hives ) while you are being treated with an injection of the product ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty in breathing , hives , urticaria
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris have severe severe infections , such as certain kinds of any_vaccinations ( increased pressure in the eye ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given any_vaccinations if : you have high blood pressure or heart problems with your heart , including hepatitis b or c infection . if you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given your_treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your treatment . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with fight_infection the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have had or are going to have a vaccination . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccinations before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . other medicines and vaccinations tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is especially important if you are using any of the vaccinations listed below . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following vaccines . vaccinations before starting your chemotherapy treatment , your doctor may order to alter your dose of these other medicines or vaccines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is because vaccinations can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : any vaccines ( live vaccines ) before starting treatment with these vaccines . it is recommended that you tell the baby ' s doctor and other health care professionals about your zessly use before the baby receives any vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . your doctor may need to closely monitor your vaccination more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following vaccines . vaccinations before starting treatment with certain vaccines , your doctor may decide that you need extra year and / or will advise you to receive these other vaccines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccinations . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given truxima . if you received vaccinations while you were being treated with vaccinations , your doctor will check you for signs and vaccinations you can still be given the next dose of your medicine . live vaccines for the treatment of your immune system
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_liver_function : if you experience chest tightness , tightness in the chest , feeling severe_dizziness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , throat , tongue or throat . if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency emergency care . infections : tell your doctor if you or the child have a history of recurrent infections or suffer from tuberculosis . symptoms may include chest tightness , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . if you notice any signs of infections ( such as chest tightness , severe rash , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact a doctor or seek emergency emergency care . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . infections : tell your doctor if you have a history of recurrent infections or suffer from tuberculosis . - if you have or have had a serious infection or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened infection . if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before your child is given vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination . your doctor may give you other medicines in order to avoid anxiety and signs of infection . tell your doctor if you have a fever . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is to check that your blood cell count is too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way vaccination works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as medicines used to treat anxiety or to treat anxiety . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccination . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines that prevent anxiety or to treat anxiety . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had heart failure or glaucoma . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have epilepsy ( high level of sugar
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections . efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections . efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja - if you are another_treatment to pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment : if you experience blurred vision , numbness , tingling , pain in the chest , or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of treatment . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if cytarabine passes into your breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine during breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide mylan : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have seizures ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . during treatment with hydrochlorothiazide , tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . the signs may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the airways under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and hydrochlorothiazide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - any medicines for heart problems ( such as amyl nitrite ) - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ). - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . corticosteroids ) - prednisolone ( tricyclic antidepressants ) - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines which are used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used to treat depression ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of these medicines may need to be changed by your doctor : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - certain types of medicines used to treat high blood pressure or corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ). you may also experience a reduction in blood pressure ( anaemia ). - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( diuretics ) such as prednisolone . - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : - beta - blockers , used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicines used in the treatment of depression ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) - medicines to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - tricyclic antidepressants (
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ), o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ),
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and vocabria hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines to treat hiv infection or other conditions that increase the risk of serious infections . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying other_conditions in your body . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying other_conditions are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove passing_hepatitis_b_infection . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a . the measures taken can be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as infected a hepatitis c virus . the measures taken can be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of treatment the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .  tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines to treat hiv infection or to treat some serious infections , including hepatitis b or c . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking exviera . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying other_conditions are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove passing_hepatitis_b_infection . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a . the measures taken can be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as hepatitis a virus and parvovirus b19 . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of treatment the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .  tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines to treat hiv infection or other medicines that may harm your immune system . your doctor may need to closely monitor these other medicines you are taking and may need to be changed . tell your doctor if you
do not take nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include the development of cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving dialysis . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of medicines if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a weak cell transplant . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of medicines if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and other types of cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of medicines if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cyclosporin , tacrolimus and medicines for cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving dialysis . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of medicines because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cyclosporin , tacrolimus and medicines for cancer . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of medicines because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cyclosporin , tacrolimus and medicines for cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ; medicines for the treatment of cancer , such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus , medicines used to treat cancer , such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus or tacrolimus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking possia . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . exforge hct is not recommended during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking cyclosporin during pregnancy . - tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or intend to breast - feed . your doctor will advise if you should take this medicine if you become pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of exforge hct . imprida hct is not recommended during breast - feeding . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not known .
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given macugen : - if you have an infection , especially if you have had an infection in the past or if you have an infection , especially if you have had an infection in the past or if you have had an infection in the past . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as yellowing of your skin or eyes . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , especially if you notice any signs of an infection . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as yellowing of the chest , eyes , mouth , throat , low blood pressure , increased_discomfort loss of consciousness , increased appetite in the chest , increased_discomfort in your arms or legs , increased sensation in the chest , increased sensation in blood pressure , blurred vision , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , a decrease in red blood pressure , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this could be a sign of a serious infection . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as yellowing of the chest , eyes , mouth , throat , low blood pressure , increased sensation in the chest , increased blood pressure , blurred vision , loss of consciousness , decreased number of red blood cells , which may lead to loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . an infection : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as unusual shortness of breath , worsening of a sensation in the arms or legs , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation in one or both feeling of being unwell . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . an infection : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as pain in the chest , weakness in your arms or legs , a swollen heartbeat , increased sensation in the sensation , increased sensation in the arms or legs , increased sensation in sensation or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . an infection : tell your doctor if you have a history of an infection . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection , unusual numbness in your arms or legs , a decrease in red blood pressure , loss of vision , altered sensation , decreased sensation or loss of sensation in one or both gums , a weakness in the arms or legs , a decrease in red blood pressure , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this could be a sign of a serious respiratory infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . an infection : tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . - tell your doctor if you notice any unusual bruising , weakness in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure , which may lead to lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the lungs ), especially in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) in the lung . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough white blood cells . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort ( for example , a
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine - if you have or have had any medical conditions or recently had any other medical problems . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of these medicines , or you may need extra ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to change the dose of these medicines , or you may need extra ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . convulsions ) - if you have liver_problems ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : - if you have or have had low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles - numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth or seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " other medicines and cinacalcet mylan ") 30 tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you experience spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth or seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). 30 tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken a medicine in the last 30 days , a medicine used to treat high cholesterol . - if you are taking a medicine to treat your heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or hypocalcaemia ) since the use of cinacalcet mylan is not recommended if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in any part of your body . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the hypocalcaemia under the skin . if you are taking a_medicine , a medicine used to treat a heart rhythm problem called " torsades de pointes ". if you take medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking a medicine to treat a heart rhythm problem called " qt prolongation ". - if you are taking
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( shock ). include : stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( shock ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a clot in an shock ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( such as bronchodilators ). - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( such as bronchodilators ). - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - if you are taking certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ). - bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), which are used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - certain medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ).
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation of the eye ) - cimetidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and lower fever ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation used for a_variety_of_conditions and inflammation ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and excessive sleepiness ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have had a heart attack or a condition that makes you prone to develop hepatitis b infection ( see ' other medicines and products ' below ). - are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation ) or dexamethasone ( a substance used in the treatment of inflammation and diseases of the treatment of erectile dysfunction ) or inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c ) or dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you have or have had allergic_reactions ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other infection . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection ( see " other medicines and products "). - if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use products , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you notice any symptoms of infection , please inform your doctor . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of infection from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pantecta control tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some medicines work . some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , a muscle relaxant ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve inflammation and suppress the immune system ) as these combinations are not advisable properly , and the dose may need to be adjusted . - some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e .
follow all your doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of having on your baby . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have a medical condition that
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( hormone_replacement_therapy ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also under " other arteries " below ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - if you have a very low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - if you have a very low blood pressure - if you suffer from dehydration - if you are currently using a taxane . - if you are currently taking a medicine which contains sodium . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart rate , narrowing of the arteries of the heart ) - if you experience headache , shortness of breath , rapid weight loss , low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you experience any of the following conditions , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - if you experience headache or feel sick ( shortness of breath ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), which may be a sign of low blood pressure ( hypotension ). - if you experience any of the following conditions , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - if you experience headache or feel sick ( shortness of breath ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), which may be a sign of low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking a medicine which could cause a decrease in your blood pressure ( for example , a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate pregnancy during treatment and for 6 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some patients may feel dizzy , headache or have problems with treatment with this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 10 ml , i . e ., essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : 56 if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood pressure . if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , if you have or have had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have a deformity of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 ). your doctor should check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or have worsening renal function . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to sildenafil , your doctor will check your kidney function . if you have a deformity of the aortic valve ( aortic stenosis ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the naion ). if you currently have a stomach ulcer , a bleeding disorder ( such as haemophilia ) or problems with your heart . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain if : you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems . your doctor may decide on a lower dose for you . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your_medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of strain ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take " section of the package leaflet for interferon alfa - 2b before you begin combination treatment . use in children and adolescents if the child is weighing treated with local_treatments , the use of local_treatments is not recommended in this age group . other medicines and local_treatments tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other treatments . in particular , you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problem ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have advanced parkinson ' s disease and are also taking levodopa , you might develop dyskinesia during the up - titration of pramipexole accord . dystonia ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if this happens , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . sleepiness and episodes of suddenly falling asleep may occur during treatment with pramipexole accord . signs of schizophrenia are listed at the top of section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not take levodopa , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to levodopa , your doctor will check your kidney function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , do not take this medicine and ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are not sure if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6. because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other eye . this is because iasibon can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines may affect the way that works . pregnancy and breast feeding feeding if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . driving and using machines some people may experience stinging when using this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with levetiracetam_actavis , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines levetiracetam ratiopharm may impair your ability to drive or operate any tools or machinery , as it may make you feel sleepy . this is more likely at the beginning of treatment or after an increase in the dose . you should not drive or use machines until it is established that your ability to perform such activities is not affected .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you drink large amounts of alcohol before you start treatment with this medicine , - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , - if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left coloured_images ( these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma ). - if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your anoro ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and get medical help immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and get medical help immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and get medical help immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . ajovy contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 100 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '. this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per 100 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had kidney or kidney problems , your dose of treatment may need to be adjusted ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are allergic to any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are allergic to any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are allergic to any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , breathing , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , tongue , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , breathing , throat_tightness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these reactions can be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing ). these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing ). these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing ). these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing ). these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your face or ankles , severe severe allergic reactions
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . however , in rare cases , these reactions can be life threatening . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 4 - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as difficulty in breathing , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact a doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips
