do not take incivo - if you are treatment with amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , simvastatin , or simvastatin . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called ' bundle branch block ', - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking abacavir . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abacavir - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as atorvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin or simvastatin . if you have heart problems . if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with abnormality of ecg called " bundle branch block ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking abacavir and tell your doctor or pharmacist if you : - are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . - if you are taking amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , or any other medicine used to treat high blood pressure . - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ) - quinidine ( used to correct heart rhythm ), - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - abnormal_heart_beat ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - lovastatin , simvastatin , lovastatin , methylergonovine ( used to treat migraine ), - dexamethasone ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - abnormal_heart_beat ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - bepridil
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta : if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening medicine can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be tb , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have tb . if you think you might be tb , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you have tb . - if you
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are allergic to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking any medicines containing any of the following active substances : - iron supplements such as iron , zinc or zinc . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and ibandronic acid accord "). - if you are taking any of the following iron supplements , since your doctor may need to change your dose or check the amount of iron in your blood more closely . if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and ibandronic acid accord "). - if you are taking any of the following iron supplements , since your doctor may need to change your dose or check the amount of iron in your blood more closely if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have currently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following iron supplements : iron supplements or iron supplements (" iron supplements " ( such as iron , zinc or zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . iron supplements and iron supplements and iron supplements should be used with caution if you are already being treated with another medicine containing zinc . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . please consult your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : iron supplements or iron supplements (" iron supplements " ( such as iron , zinc or zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . iron supplements and iron supplements and iron supplements should be used with caution if you are already being treated
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid lamivudine teva in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ) if you have severe liver problems or you are taking antiretrovirals ( a type of medicine also known as a " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid these_medicines in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as high blood pressure , or hepatitis_b_infection ( high blood pressure ). in this case your doctor may need to change your iron dose . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , john's_wort could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor will tell you if you should be taking this medicine . if you have hepatitis b or c infection , you should not take this medicine ( see also " do not take this_medicine "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : vitamins ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) magnesium ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) it is very important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) or antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain types of hepatitis c infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of this_medicine may need to be changed . → tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) - magnesium ( used to reduce blood clotting ) - magnesium ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - mycophenolic acid , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection - hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat depression and / or anxiety ) tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of this_medicine may need to be changed . → tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine and / or take other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) magnesium ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of this_medicine may need to be changed . → tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor will decide if you will take this medicine and / or take other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) magnesium ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar level will be checked , and your dose of this_medicine may need to be changed . → tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , vitamins or vitamins ( see section 2 under ' do not take 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( infection ). if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 47 ). if this applies to you , do not take deferasirox accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : - if you have type 1 hypoglycaemia ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last gemfibrozil . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as headache , rapid_heart_beat , tremor or tremor ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . travel talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) which may cause too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if you are not eating enough your blood sugar level may become too low ( hyperglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , headache , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions while you are taking deferasirox mylan . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a heart problem or any other medical conditions . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , clopidogrel should not be used in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) ciclosporin ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) 47 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of deferasirox mylan may need to be changed . deferasirox mylan with food and drink you may take your tablets with or without food . you should swallow the tablets with a glass of water . pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are , think you may be or are planning to have a baby . deferasirox mylan is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines deferasirox mylan is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you should not receive vaccine : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to thiomersal , to egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to thiomersal , to egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the above listed in section 6 . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which may affect your immune system such as a vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having covid - 19 vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are recently having a vaccination . the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be vaccinated . other medicines and vaccination tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which may affect your immune system such as infection or medicines that affect the immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are not sure . your doctor may need to delay your dose of these other medicines . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the vaccine . this is because some people have a fall in their blood cells while they are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are not sure . your doctor may need to delay your dose of these other medicines . in some cases you may have
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using machines : - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) or if you have kidney disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver
do not take afinitor : if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have an active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had an_infection . if you think you may be a_vaccine , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have previously had a vaccination , or have previously had any other medical conditions . if you have diabetes , it is important to tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) your_kidney_function because your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of a_different_medicine may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have asthma - if you have or have had heart problems - if you have or have ever had a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , feeling sick or breathlessness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as rash , wheezing or breathlessness . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - other_heart_problems ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - ritonavir ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine and steroids ). these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta - blockers ( such as propranolol ) used for high blood pressure or other heart problems . - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( for hiv infection ) - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine and steroids ). these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effects on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine if you have recently had a vaccination or bruise easily . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have recently had a vaccination or bruise easily . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of tuberculosis . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with vaccination , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if your child should be given vaccination . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccination , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . your child should not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . your child may get infections more easily while you are being treated with tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccination , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your child ' s doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with vaccination , your doctor will check if you should have an vaccines . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccination , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . your child should not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . your child ' s doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section any_liver_disease ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had a stroke within the past 3 months . - if you have a history of low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox accord . children and adolescents deferasirox mylan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative contraception test before you start taking deferasirox accord and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , dizziness and fainting have been reported with fainting , which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use thorinane : - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to heparin , other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . - if you
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have ever had a blood clot in the leg ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a history of malaria or other conditions that affects your immune system ( e . g . leprosy , dermatitis or dermatitis ) - if you have severe liver disease ( e . g . leprosy or dermatitis of the lining of your penis ) - if you have a history of a problem with your immune system ( such as leprosy , dermatitis or dermatitis ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a condition that affects your immune system ( e . g . leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , or dermatitis ) - if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have numbness , blinking , or have a weak in your mouth , or a member of your mouth , or a member of your penis . if you notice any of these signs , contact your doctor who will decide whether you should be treated with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you feel numbness , blinking , or have a sensation of the area in your penis . if you notice any of these events , contact your doctor who will decide whether you should be treated with this medicine . contact your doctor if you feel numbness , blinking , or have a sensation in the area of the penis . if you notice any of these events , contact your doctor who will decide whether or not to continue your treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine .
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as qt interval prolongation ); - if you have a condition that increases the rate of your heart . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious hepatitis b ( colitis ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious hepatitis b ( colitis ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of fits ( e . g . colitis , fatigue , etc .) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of hepatitis b ( see " other medicines and nivolumab ") ") - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . histiocytes , lymphocytes , or " mini " stroke , abnormal blood flow to the brain ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nivolumab ahcl - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . histiocytes or lymphocytes ) - if you have a condition that increases the amount of uric acid in your blood ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and nivolumab ") ". - if you have a history of hepatitis b infection - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and lymphocytes ) - if you have a severe liver disease , - if you have myositis ( a condition that increases the amount of uric acid in your blood ); - if you have a condition that increases the risk of fits ( e . g . lymphocytes ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of fits ( e . g . lymphocytes ) - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood ( glands ) - if you have a condition that increases the amount of uric acid in your blood ( the lining of the glands of the glands ) - if you have a severe liver disease ( such as histiocytes and lymphocytes ) - if you have a condition that increases the risk of fits ( e . g . rhabdomyolysis ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness , headache , rapid weight loss , headache , loss of appetite , rapid weight loss , drowsy , loss of appetite , rapid weight loss , feeling drowsy , drowsy , or weak,_depressed . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . myocarditis ) - if you have or have had
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole
do not take tacforius : if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using schisandra_sphenanthera . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or vomiting - have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may lead to loss of vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of narrow - like syndrome such as chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor right away . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure ( called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small eye ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of narrow - like syndrome such as chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor right away . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a decrease in vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , trouble breathing , difficulty in seeing detail , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if these symptoms occur , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of a decrease in vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , trouble breathing , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . these may be symptoms of a decrease in your vision ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your vision is abnormally increased . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of your heart rhythm ( such as blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , difficulty in breathing or loss of vision , which could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_vision of the stomach ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of your heart rhythm ( such as blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , difficulty in breathing or loss of vision , which could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_vision of the stomach ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of narrow - like syndrome . symptoms include chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of narrow - like symptoms such as chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor right away . your doctor may need to change your dose . - tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of narrow - like syndrome . symptoms include chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the your_vision of
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and ttp , e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel 1a pharma with food , drink and alcohol clopidogrel 1a pharma may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel sandoz with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are breast - feeding . clopidogrel 1a is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is a newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a pharma is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment - if you have any of the following : - problems with your treatment , - if you are taking any medicines that affect your immune system . - if you are taking any other medicines , please tell your doctor before starting treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or nurse for advice . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines polivy has no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines . if you are affected , do not drive or use machines .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with pemetrexed accord and will check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive pemetrexed accord . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may be at higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not receive pemetrexed mylan . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with pemetrexed accord . driving and using machines pemetrexed hospira may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines . pemetrexed mylan contains sodium 51 this medicinal product contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are receiving this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience headache , rubella , mumps , or chicken_pox . this medicine contains 500 mg of sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each dose . this is equivalent to 500 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had heart problems , such as high blood pressure or heart failure . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given infliximab . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you have or have had tuberculosis , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking infliximab . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if : you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if : you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of a nerve infection during treatment with infliximab . signs include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporary discontinuation of infliximab . - if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( such as st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and other conditions ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and other conditions ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking controloc control : - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other mental disorders ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before histoplasmosis
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma or other severe breathing problems - if you have severe eye problems such as haemophilia ( low blood pressure ); - if you are taking any other opioid medicines ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe eye_problems or diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe diabetes . - if you are using other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and exforge hct "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have severe breathing problems such as severe diabetes . - if you are using other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you are using other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and other_nsaids "). - if you are taking other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( see " other medicines and clopidogrel ahcl "). - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel ) - if you are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . cortisone , diclofenac , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . cortisone , diclofenac , acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ) - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , such as dizziness , sleepiness , or low blood pressure . - if you have severe breathing problems , such as dizziness , sleepiness or if you get difficulty in breathing . if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heartbeat , a_disease_of_the_gall_bladder_or_pancreas , tongue ) - if you have high blood pressure or low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure or high blood pressure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders ( such as irregular heartbeat , a_disease_of_the_gall_bladder_or_pancreas , tongue ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as calcium channel blockers or maois ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example , to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) -
do not take erleada : if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - apalutamide , apalutamide , ibutilide , amiodarone ; - ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , or amiodarone - if you have heart rhythm disorders - arrhythmia . - if you have heart rhythm disorders . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - apalutamide , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart rhythm problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat high blood pressure ; medicines used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ). if you have heart rhythm disorders , or if you have had a heart attack . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - clarithromycin ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , sotalol , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( for heart rhythm disorders ) or arrhythmia ( low blood pressure ), - if you have or have had heart failure or high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking darunavir mylan and tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat gout ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , amiodarone ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders - if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat gout ( e . g . quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone ) - heart problems . - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or medicines containing sulphonamides ( see " other medicines and sulphonamides "). - if you are taking medicines known to cause infections ( e . g . sulphonamides ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; 22 - if you are being treated with another medicine which may cause liver damage - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease ; 22 - if you are being treated with another medicine which may cause liver damage - are taking other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines which affect the production of blood cells . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat diabetes . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system is unable to supply enough blood to the skin ). this is especially important if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), confusion , yellowing of the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , unusual_sleepiness , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these dehydration could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system is unable to supply enough blood to the skin ). this is especially important if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see
do not take mepact : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( neutropenia ). - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have severe liver problems ( see " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and any_medicines "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine can affect the way these medicines work . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - any other medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . chemotherapy , inflammations , or feel_warm ) - if you have a fever , fever , chills , chills , or shivering - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , chills , or shivering - if you have a severe infection , or if you think you may have an infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or shivering - if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you have a severe infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a severe infection , or if you think you may have an infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to stop your treatment with these medicines . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs : headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infusion - related reaction such as headaches , chills , shivering , or flu - like symptoms or a rash . your doctor may recommend that you have a severe infection , such as headaches
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have had heart failure in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - clonidine , used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - beta-blockers , used to treat high blood pressure - lithium - a " angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor " such as isoprenaline , for parkinson ' s disease . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta-blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - beta-blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - imipramine ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( colitis ), a condition in which the immune system is healthy - if you have or have had bleeding in your brain . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have surgery or dental procedures - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is not being controlled with treatment . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is not being controlled with treatment . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is not being controlled with treatment . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is not being controlled with treatment . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood pressure is not being controlled with treatment . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have any of the following : - fever , shaking , chills , weakness , low blood pressure , confusion , disorientation , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance ,
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of these_medical_conditions ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of pancreatitis ( contained in pancreatitis ) if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , low_blood_sugar ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the complication_of_diabetes has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , vomiting , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 for further details ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , low_blood_sugar ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the complication_of_diabetes has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , vomiting , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . -
do not use xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this package leaflet ). other medicines and pioglitazone mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of this medicine . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( blood thinner - thinning medicines ) - calcium channel blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention
do not use giotrif : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems , such as severe breathing difficulties , inflammation of the eye , breathing difficulties , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers of the eye ( cornea ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , treatment may increase the risk of ulcers and swelling of the face , lips , throat , nose , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you have had or are going to have a surgery , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have had or have had any of the following conditions or symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the cornea under the eye . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have had or have had any of the following conditions or symptoms : - symptoms of depression or mental disorders , such as muscle pain , inflammation , redness , swelling , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the cornea under the eye . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor who will decide if you should be treated with treatment . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is especially important if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the eye ) or any of the following conditions : - if you have severe liver or lung problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the eye ) - if you have had an organ transplant , or a history of ulcers or inflammation of the penis . - if you have had an organ transplant or have had inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . severe_dry_eyes , redness , or swelling of the eye , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , redness and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking urgent_treatment and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain , redness , or swelling in the eye , or a decrease in vision , and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be symptoms of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eye under the eye . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may be at higher risk of developing severe and potentially fatal liver problems . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms .
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following : - an antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , telithromycin , rifapentine ) - to treat bacterial infections - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( an antibiotic ) - methylprednisolone , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( an antibiotic used to treat some forms of asthma and allergies ) - non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( e . g . rifampicin , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking lumacaftor . - if you are taking any of the following immunosuppressants : rifampicin , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( signs of an allergic reaction ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for anxiety or insomnia ) - if you are taking an anti - inflammatory medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ). examples of immunosuppressants include rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( for bacterial infections ) or warfarin . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor : if you have ever had a liver problem ( abnormality of blood cells ), abnormality of blood cells ( abnormality of blood cells ). prior to therapy with this medicine , your doctor will check your blood pressure before and during therapy . therapy with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine should not be used in this age group . other medicines and lumacaftor tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because lumacaftor can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lumacaftor works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - antifungal medicines ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat some bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( an antibiotic used to treat anxiety and other insomnia ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( for anxiety or sleeplessness ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ) - midazolam , used to treat anxiety or insomnia ( when taken by insomnia ) - anticholinergics ( anti - hiv medicine ) - methylprednisolone , immunosuppressants ( medicines to treat immunosuppressants ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - warfarin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , sirolimus , sirolimus ( for dampening down your immune system ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . sickle cell anaemia ). your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , based on the results of your blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because repaglinide krka could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before repaglinide is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because rifabutin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before repaglinide is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . see also information under the heading " do not take repaglinide ahcl ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . tests and tests if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with red_or_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if tests should be given at the same time as medicines for the treatment of your infection . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with rifabutin , tell your doctor tests . if you think you might be tuberculosis , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have tests . warnings and tests before you are given repaglinide teva , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told that you have an infection , including tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with repaglinide accord . if you have infection , it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use medicines , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with repaglinide accord . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking rifabutin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . tests and tests if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with medicines , tell your doctor immediately . he / she will decide if tests will be given to you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have or have had tuberculosis or if you think you might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child ' s blood before , during and after tests to determine if you have tuberculosis
do not take nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you have or have had pain , pain in the hands or feet ( see section 4 for more information ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if fentanyl passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious ohss ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or sickle cell anaemia ). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . - if you have porphyria ( a complication of porphyria that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy own cells ), you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment with this medicine if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you are a man , having too much fsh in your blood ( ischaemic sickle cell anaemia ). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman who could become large_ovaries , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide to perform a physical examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . pergoveris contains sodium pergoveris contains less than 18 mg sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sulfonylureas . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulfonylureas : - if you have or have had a kidney or liver disease . - if you have ever had a liver disease or a history of seizures ( fits ) - if you have or have had epilepsy or fits . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example phenprocoumon , dihydroergotamine , glipizide ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam , triazolam) ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( e . g . midazolam , triazolam) ) ( used to treat mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole ) - omeprazole ( for difficult sleeping ) - omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . oxycodone , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , oxycodone , oxycodone ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used to treat mental illness ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory mental disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - omeprazole ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam , midazolam ( for mental illness ) as well as omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam ( for mental illness ) as well as omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , oxycodone , oxycodone ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used to treat mental illness ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe depression ) - omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - omeprazole , tolbutamide , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam , midazolam ( for mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole ) - omeprazole ( used to treat enlarged immunodeficiency gland ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory mental disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam , midazolam ( for mental illness ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . omeprazole ) - omeprazole ( for difficult sleeping ) - omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , oxycodone , oxycodone ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used to treat mental illness ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory mental disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - omeprazole ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam ( for mental illness ) as well as omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - stress) ( used to treat severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory mental disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory mental disorders ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam ( for mental illness ) as well as omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - stress) ( used to treat severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine that you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( see section " other medicines and zabdeno "). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine that is used at the same time . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine , or any of the other ingredients of zabdeno ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , the vaccination will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine or any of the other ingredients of zabdeno ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . after an organ transplant ) or if you are having a blood vessel ( for example , leg ulcer ) tell your doctor before you are given zabdeno . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicines that affect your immune system ( such as high blood pressure , non - arteritic ischemic optic neuropathy ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . the use of zabdeno is not recommended in this population . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 . 5 ml , i . e ., essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with calcium . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or minerals ( see also information under the headings " do not take ibandronic acid sandoz " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you start taking other treatments . in some cases , you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with calcium . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or minerals ( see also information under the headings " do not take ibandronic acid sandoz " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you receive : - oral anticoagulants or minerals ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - epoetin alfa ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with calcium . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or minerals ( see also information under the headings " do not take ibandronic acid sandoz " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you receive : - oral anticoagulants or minerals ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - epoetin alfa ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - calcium supplements or minerals ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - epoetin alfa ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : - alpha - blockers ( used
you must not be given zeposia - if you are treatment with medicines like alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have or have had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney disease - if you have severe kidney disease - if you have severe kidney disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma or copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , as this may increase the risk of pneumonia . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( e . g . severe low blood pressure or breathing problems ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : asthma - copd medicines for asthma or copd - if you have heart problems - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat cancer ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat pneumonia ) - 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . ∑ tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - this_medicine ( used to treat asthma ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat asthma ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat thyroid gland disorders ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat epilepsy ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat pneumonia ) - 4 ( used to treat severe infections ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat pneumonia ) - 4 ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may
do not take zinforo 26 if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following : - an allergic reaction to pus ( pus ) or convulsions ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , nose , throat or tongue . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , dizziness , somnolence , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin mylan . some patients taking pregabalin mylan have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan pharma b . v . can cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin mylan . if while taking pregabalin mylan you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or convulsions . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin mylan or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( kidney_failure ) in some patients taking pregabalin mylan when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or spasticity . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under the age of decreased_urination ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin mylan and other medicines may influence each other ( interaction ). when taken with certain other medicines , which have sedative effects ( including sleepiness ), and may increase the risk of serious side effects . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin mylan pharma with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin mylan may be taken with
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 3 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early 3 years old ) - if you are pregnant , think you may be any_symptoms , or are planning to have a baby . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems
do not receive hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood glucose ), sickle cell anaemia , a very high number of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ). if you have a weakened immune system . if you have a very low blood cell count . if you have a very low blood cell count . if you have very high levels of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if your child has a weakened immune system . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - tuberculosis ( tb ) have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about taking this medicine . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you receive adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . your doctor may recommend a regular dose for you if you are not sure . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before wheezing is started . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe heart problem . if you have severe heart failure or if you are having a blood pressure in your heart . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and in particular , if you suffer from severe heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of chemotherapy reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause blood pressure to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . please tell your doctor , if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow your doctor ' s advice on cervical smear / pap tests and appropriate screening measures . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccination may interact with other medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or are unsure . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccination may interact with other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines that increase the production of white blood cells . your healthcare professional should always record the exact product you are using . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are being treated with any of the following vaccines , as vaccinations obtained without a prescription , or if you have recently received any other vaccine . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , - if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil) ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have severely impaired kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( known as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing coumarin inhibitor ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing coumarin inhibitor ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing coumarin ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking warfarin ( medicines used to treat seizures ) or interferon medicines ( e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , etc .) - if you have a low level of leucopenia or leucopenia in your blood ( with or without leucopenia , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , leucopenia , thrombocytopenia ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing gout_medicines . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or conditions : - low numbers of platelets ( triglycerides and warfarin ) - have been told you have dehydrated ( fits ) or diarrhoea . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given certain_medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example blood-thinning_medicines , warfarin ), it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of gout_medicines or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - warfarin ( medicines used to treat seizures ), or tremors ( phenytoin ) - interferon medicines ( used to treat cancer ) - oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) at the site of this medicine ( listed in section 3 ). - if you have an fainted with the use of this medicine in the past . if you have an fainted with the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have ever fainted or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , appropriate_precautions could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have fainted with your kidneys . before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid digoxin in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : - if you are taking any of the following illnesses used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking electrolytes before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are high_blood_pressure and will advise you to take another medicine instead of aliskiren . this is because aliskiren will not be taken to become pregnant , and must not be taken when more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking electrolytes before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of electrolytes . telmisartan krka is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . digoxin is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with afstyla and will check your response to the_batch_number at regular intervals . do not use the_batch_number - if you are allergic_to_hamster_proteins ( allergic ) to the_batch_number or any of the other ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number : - if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience dizziness or complications , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience dizziness or complications , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). if you experience dizziness , complications of the chest , wheezing , tightness in the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction in the anaphylaxis ) contact your doctor . this could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . please tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or catheter_is_inserted ). you may be at higher risk of developing a blood clot in the lungs . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and gonal - tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 46 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have been previously diagnosed with pure red cell aplasia ( anaemia a bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any product that stimulates red blood cell production ( including epoetin alfa hexal ). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be associated with the use of the medicinal product . if any of these apply , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks , therefore your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening condition , may be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a very life - threatening condition known as a hepatitis b , your doctor will advise you to discontinue this medicine . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening condition , may be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to radiotherapy , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine if you have a low number of red blood cells in the past ( which may be associated with formation of blood clots , e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicine , your doctor will check your dose of this medicine if you have a low number of red blood cells , white blood cells or white blood cells , white blood cells , or a high number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving radiotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with this medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicine for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate ( such as amyl nitrite ), as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your breast milk . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above applies to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are taking riociguat . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing high blood sugar , headache , rapid weight loss , drowsiness , rapid weight loss , feeling lightheaded , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor and tremor ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst or headache , rapid weight loss , drowsiness , feeling lightheaded , drowsiness , nervousness , tremor , tremor or tremor ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . travel talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia ) as your dose may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents deferasirox mylan is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because there is limited information about its use in this age group . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ), - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ), - salicylates ( such as ' cortisone ' used to treat high blood pressure ) - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - salicylates ( used
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking this medicine during pregnancy . women must use an effective method of contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after stopping treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use duotrav : - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe breathing problems ( glaucoma ) - if you have severe kidney disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you have ever had a heart rhythm disorder ( glaucoma ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . if you have cancer of the blood vessels in your veins ( cancer ). if you have cancer of the blood vessels in your veins ( cancer ). if you have cancer of the blood vessels in your veins ( abnormalities ). if you have a bleeding disorder or if you are due to have major surgery ( e . g . danazol or overweight ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given danazol . surgery and abnormalities if you are obese or overweight , you are a woman of childbearing age who is being treated with azathioprine , a higher risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given medicines . blood clots : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase blood clotting ( e . g . corticosteroids ). azathioprine and certain medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if azathioprine passes into your milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether danazol has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , hives , or breathlessness . this may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . methotrexate , prednisolone ) or oral_and_inhaled_steroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve : - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); − if you have advanced fingers or fingers - if you have or have had bronchitis or severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer ; - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . legs or chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease ) - if you are taking ssris ( such as tramadol or tramadol ) or tramadol ( used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking adrenaline ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section urinary_retention ) − if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) − if you are taking adrenaline ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section urinary_retention ) − if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) − if you are taking adrenaline ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section urinary_retention ) − if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) − if you are taking adrenaline ( used to treat pain and lower fever ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section urinary_retention ) − if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ), - ssris ( e . g . tramadol ) or tramadol ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a drug used to treat pain and lower fever ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) − fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - ssris ( e . g . tramadol , tramadol ) - tramadol ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ) - adrenaline ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a drug used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( e . g . tramadol , tramadol ) or tramadol ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ) - adrenaline ( a medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ) - adrenaline ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure or nms ) - nms ( used to treat depression ) - ssris ( e . g . sleepiness ) - adrenaline ( used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - nms ( used to treat cancer ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - adrenaline ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - nms ( used to treat cancer ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - adrenaline ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - nms ( used to treat cancer ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - adrenaline ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - nms ( used to treat cancer ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - adrenaline ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( used to treat depression ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) - nms ( used to treat cancer ) - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - adrenaline ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - fluvoxamine
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord . if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azacitidine accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine accord . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment with azacitidine accord . you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you otherwise . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to mirabegron or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have impaired kidney function . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) used for depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had liver disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease in the past . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have liver disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had kidney disease - if you are being treated for tuberculosis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had a stroke in the past - if you have liver disease - if you are being treated for tuberculosis - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal medicine used for depression and psychosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you have a history of depression or psychosis - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine (
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive zoledronic acid medac if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of thalidomide . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and older . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and young people under 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ). if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and young people under 65 years . also , you should know that patients under 65 have an increased risk of side - effects such as suicide attempt , suicidal thoughts and increased risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of thalidomide . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and older . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and young people under 65 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ). if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not
do not take varuby : - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fexofenadine - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been treated for cancer . - if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . cancer ), - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have gout ( high level of sugar in
do not use enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , glycopyrronium , mometasone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of breathing difficulties . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of breathing difficulties . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a life - threatening slowing of the jaw , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching , hives , tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , itching , hives , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by itching and hives , as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any_medicines . you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat high blood pressure ), angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) diuretics ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially for diabetes . - medicines that may increase blood sugar levels ( beta - blockers ), such as propranolol ( for diabetes ) - prednisolone ( anti - parkinson therapy , also used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - danazol ( medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - danazol ( medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ) - prednisolone ( medicine to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat diabetes ), - thyroid hormones ( medicines used to reduce the amount of urine you produce ), - calcium channel blockers ( such as propranolol ). - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as potassium - sparing diuretics , propranolol , propranolol ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - hydrochlorothiazide ( used to treat diabetes ), - danazol ( medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - danazol ( medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - danazol ( medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ), - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart disorders ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - thyroid hormones ( used
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or other anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma "). if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any next hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid
do not take delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take doravirine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be breastfeeding . do not take doravirine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking rifampicin ( medicines used to lower blood cholesterol ) - rifampicin , rifapentine ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib ( medicine to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , mitotane , sofosbuvir , sofosbuvir ) - if you are taking tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine , lamivudine ) - if you are taking tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , mitotane , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , mitotane , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and anxiety ( e . g . mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , mitotane , sofosbuvir ) - lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine to treat depression and anxiety
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are overweight , have high blood pressure , or a low blood pressure not controlled by medical treatment - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , overweight , high blood pressure or a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , increased heart rate ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , muscle weakness , alert and twitching ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , frequent urination , alert ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , frequent urination , alert ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , frequent alert , alert ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , or an abnormal heart beat ). if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart failure ). if you are older than overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , overweight , high blood pressure or a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , or an abnormal heart beat ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart failure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking a_heart_problem . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( for example , to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). - opioids ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - opioids ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - opioids ( anti - parkinson therapy , also used to treat or prevent certain
do not use zelboraf : - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other similar skin skin - if you have or have had severe kidney or heart problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or heart problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired heart function . - if you have or have had peeling of the parathyroid glands ( e . g . rash , blisters , swelling , swelling , or swelling of the legs , arms , arms , arms , or arms , hands or feet ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and eye_problems ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and blisters ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir hct . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking tenofovir hct : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv infections - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir hct . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv infections - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir hct . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat hiv infections - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , a medicine to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir hct . other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are less than less than 5 years of age . - if you are less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . therefore , the use of opiates is not recommended in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . there is no experience with the use of opiates in patients aged less than 5 years of age . therefore , you should not be given opiates if you are breast - feeding . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may influence
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if you , or the child you are caring for : - are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding ; you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any of the following : - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and being sick ( fever ) - a low white blood cell count ( transaminases ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you have a severe infection or infection . - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " other medicines and this medicine "). - if you have a severe infection or are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following : - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and being sick ( fever ) - a low white blood cell count ( transaminases ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or
do not use emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , dabigatran , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac . - medicines that may increase blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac . - medicines that may increase blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ), medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ); medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac . medicines that may increase blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac . - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ), medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ); medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , ibuprofen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , naproxen , diclofenac . - medicines that may increase blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ). if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clots ), medicines used to prevent blood clotting , e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ( medicines
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil , or
do not use proquad : - if you are allergic to the active substances or neomycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of neomycin ( listed in section 6 ) or to neomycin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this_vaccine . warnings and precautions before each vaccination , tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : - has a bleeding disorder ( such as asthma , convulsions , fever , fever , or any of the above that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as a bone marrow ). - if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or low_levels_of_platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts ( low_levels_of_platelets ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine if you or your child : have ever had a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), you have allergies ( e . g . rubella , mumps , mumps , chickenpox , or a weak immune system ) - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have had or have had a blood clot in the past or are due to have a vaccination . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other vaccines and this_vaccine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may be life - threatening ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . evarrest should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines alofisel has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had low levels of platelets in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of platelets in your blood ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for miscarriage ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for miscarriage ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for miscarriage ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are overweight , or have a major injury , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke ( a disease where your intestines is unable to supply enough blood to the intestines ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because diuretics can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pyrimethamine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents ( below the age of cancer_treatment ) has not been established and therefore , it is not known if it is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and leflunomide ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you have recently received or are taking , have recently used or might use any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . theophylline ) ( e . g . prednisolone ) - antacids ( e . g . prednisolone ) - medicines which increase urine production ( e . g . methotrexate ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . methotrexate ) - medicines for the treatment of copd ( e . g . phenytoin ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . phenytoin ) - anti - cancer medicines ( e . g . methotrexate ) - pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have a severe heart problem or severe uncontrolled heart disease and you are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given machines_rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given machines_rituximab if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause blood pressure to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . other medicines and rituximab if you need to have an vaccinations , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will decide if you should be given rituximab . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and machines_rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given ruxience . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking this medicine before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of rituximab . this medicine is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken when more than 12 months your_last_treatment , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . rituximab is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is a newborn , or was born prematurely . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines miglustat spiromax may make you feel dizzy . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if any of the following apply to you : if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets in your blood ( white blood cells ) in the past . - if you have a low number of platelets in your blood ( with or without signs such as fever , feeling tired or weak ) ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given topotecan celgene . your doctor may tell you to have a blood test , to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive topotecan hospira . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if you have fever , severe infection , high blood pressure or a high number of platelets in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( platelets ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( a condition that affects the ability of blood clots to form from the bone marrow ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . other medicines and topotecan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after stopping treatment . it is important to tell your doctor immediately if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking this medicine while you are pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the pregnancy advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after stopping treatment . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per hard capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine 1a : - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines for parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - atenolol ( used to treat hypertension and angina ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have stroke or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing digoxin . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given tolvaptan . the use of tolvaptan is not recommended in this age group . other medicines and ambrisentan mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( see also information under the headings " do not take ambrisentan mylan " and " warnings and precautions "). talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . other medicines and ambrisentan mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - ketoconazole , itraconazole and posaconazole ( used for the treatment of fungal infections ), - non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) - oral contraceptives ( e . g . methotrexate ) for 4_months treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with ambrisentan accord . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will help you decide what is best for you and your partner . breast - feeding do not breast - feed while taking ambrisentan accord . it is not known if ambrisentan passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , you must check with your doctor before you use ambrisentan accord . driving and using machines ambrisentan accord has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive pemetrexed mylan . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this_medicine . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland - if you have uncontrolled heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_skin_around_the_eyelid : if you have any of the following : - an allergic reaction to a blocked or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given anaesthesia , tell your doctor . - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_skin_around_the_eyelid . your doctor may need to change your dose of the_skin_around_the_eyelid or stop the treatment . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given anaesthesia , tell your doctor . - if you have or have had surgery in the past , or if you have , or have had , choking or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired eye function . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and the_skin_around_the_eyelid tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines . some medicines may increase the risk of depression . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines used to treat depression . these include : some medicines to treat depression . these include fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had any other problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because warfarin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking warfarin . blood clots tell your doctor before starting treatment if you have : high blood pressure ( high blood pressure ), warfarin ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or anxiety ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines :
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe blood test . - if you have any blood test results in your blood test results that you have a blood test . - if you have any blood test , please tell your doctor . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which may increase blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy or faint .
do not use fotivda : - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor about switching to another medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you are taking rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat feeling sick ), oedema ( loss of consciousness ), oedema ( loss of appetite , eyes , hands and feet ) when taking an ace - inhibitor or a different medicine ( see " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal "). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of bleeding such as high blood pressure ( hypertension ), or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of high blood pressure ), or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( a type of blood vessel found in the blood vessel which transports blood from the internal_organs to the body ) has been reported rarely in these patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include high blood pressure , which may be associated with high blood pressure ( e . g . sickle cell disease or weakening of blood minerals ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban mylan : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a problem with your kidneys . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or hepatitis b . - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct if you have a risk of dementia such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal dementia ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( temporary_symptoms_of_stroke) inside any tissues , sweating , muscle weakness and drowsiness ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have dementia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have dementia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , triglycerides , cholesterol ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , triglycerides , cholesterol ); if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , triglycerides , cholesterol ); if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , triglycerides , cholesterol ); - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , triglycerides , cholesterol ); - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure , fat_levels , cholesterol ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from dementia . if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines used to treat anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce your risk of bleeding such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets )
do not use prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active type of cancer called onj called onj - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches , swelling , or swelling of the jaw , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given medicines , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some patients with long - standing type your_mouth,_teeth disease and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with an antidepressant if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing dentures and you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take zoledronic acid medac ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tooth_extractions . your doctor will decide if you should receive and when to restart your treatment with zoledronic acid accord . you should tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) tooth_extractions . your doctor will decide if you should receive and when to restart your treatment with zoledronic acid accord . tell your doctor if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given medicines that prevent the formation of blood clots . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or who have gum disease , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and / or who have gum disease , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . children and adolescents the use of zoledronic acid accord in children and adolescents up to the age of dental_surgery years is not recommended . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - latex , such as prednisolone , or dexamethasone you should not receive zoledronic acid medac if you are receiving or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - latex , such as prednisolone , or dexamethasone you should not receive zoledronic acid medac if you are receiving an oral contraceptive - if you are receiving any of the following : - an ace inhibitor ( used to treat cancer ), - onj ( used to treat onj ) - certain types of cancer - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your
do not use ambirix : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily , tell your doctor . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bruising should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using covid - 19 medicines : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some vaccines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way that works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the medicines listed below . this is because some medicines can affect the way this works works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that may reduce the response of the vaccine ( see section " other medicines and vaccines "). if you are using medicines that increase urine production ( for example , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ), injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given vaccine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccine . the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( blood poisoning ). in any of these cases , tell your doctor or nurse , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before receiving this vaccine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control : - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , - if you have any blood disorder , or if you are treated with medicines that affect blood clotting . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting , for example , blood clotting , or haemolytic anaemia . - if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting , for example , blood clots , and blood clotting . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - other medicines that reduce blood clotting production ( e . g . warfarin ). your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking the following medicines : - medicines that reduce blood clotting production ( serological production of red blood cells ). your doctor will monitor your blood clotting levels before and during treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicine may impair your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not receive docetaxel_accord - if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with docetaxel accord . - if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding during treatment with docetaxel accord . driving and using machines premedication studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had recently had a height or recently had 39 blood clots in the past . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir : - if you have recently had a liver transplant ; - if you have recently had a height or recently had 39 blood clots in your veins - if you have recently had a treatment for mental illness such as certain kinds of diltiazem ( increased pressure in the eye ) - are taking phenytoin or primidone ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - modafinil ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ); - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to lower high blood pressure ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , boceprevir , ritonavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen a_rash , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you get an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a lightheadedness , tightness in the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or diarrhoea . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 1 month after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 month after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception while you are being treated with this medicine and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 month after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 month after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 1 month after the last dose . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision .
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor ,
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the ovary ) - if you have ever had a ovary or ovary ' s disease - if you have ever had a tumour of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the womb ) talk to your doctor before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the womb ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour of the breasts of the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : asthma or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tuberculosis ) or have high blood pressure not controlled by medical treatment . if you have ever had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicine that you take to control your blood sugar . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before wheezing , particularly at the beginning of treatment . this is to avoid postural hypotension ( a condition that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough symptoms that it increases the ability of you getting infection_of_the_lung and you may be at higher risk of developing an allergic reaction in the chest , which can be symptoms of an increase of pressure in the eye and can happen within hours to a week of taking this medicine . stop using symptoms and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use immediate_breathing_difficulties , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to vilanterol if you experience a loss of response or unexplained_tiredness swelling , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience
do not use orgalutran : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe heart problem . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and are being treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing rituximab . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given rituximab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may cause blood pressure to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the heart rate ( bradycardia ) has been reported in patients receiving your_treatment ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the heart rate ( bradycardia ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving burkitt-like_lymphoma ( see section " other medicines and rituximab "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had or have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving burkitt-like_lymphoma ( see section " other medicines and vaccinations "). if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by vaccinations help to fight infections and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of fluid from your lungs , such as severe heart failure , angina , or heart disease . if you have problems with your heart , tell your doctor that you think you might be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection infection . this is because in a few cases , a reduction in the blood pressure may be associated with the use of vaccinations . vaccinations , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with your medicine . tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about any
do not use roactemra : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you , or your child : have ever had infections or are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you experience chest tightness , tightness in the chest , feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) as it may be a sign of a serious infection . if you think you may be at higher risk of getting tuberculosis , your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as your_liver_function can harm the tiny filters inside your your_liver_function ( infection ). your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your white blood cell count is too low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as medicines used to treat anxiety ). these include medicines used to treat anxiety or anxiety . these include medicines used to treat anxiety , including feeling sick ( feeling sick ), feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have recently received or are scheduled to have a vaccine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given vaccination . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system ( such as medicines used to treat anxiety ). these include medicines used to treat anxiety or anxiety . these include medicines used to treat anxiety , including feeling sick ( feeling sick ), feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have recently received or are scheduled to receive a
do not take onbrez_breezhaler : - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol : - if you have or have had heart failure or glaucoma . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have or have had glaucoma ( high blood pressure ); thyrotoxicosis ( a medicine used to treat some types of asthma ); medicines or medicines used to treat epilepsy ( such as chest tightness , thyrotoxicosis , diabetes ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy , as this may increase the risk of diabetes . medicines used to treat epilepsy , bipolar disorder ( e . g . thyrotoxicosis ) or diabetes ( medicines used to treat epilepsy , bipolar disorder , thyrotoxicosis , diabetes ); - medicines used to treat epilepsy , bipolar disorder ( e . g . thyrotoxicosis ) or diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ), - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat epilepsy ), - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated with medicines for epilepsy . - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you have diabetes or impaired diabetes - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated with medicines for epilepsy . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated with medicines for epilepsy . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated with medicines for epilepsy . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and diabetes ) - if you have diabetes - if you are currently being treated with medicines for epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy . - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy ( low blood sugar ) - thyrotoxicosis ( medicine used to treat diabetes ) - medicines to treat epilepsy ( low blood sugar
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs of your brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any next hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat hiv - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any next hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections ,
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting your treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will tell you whether your child should be treated with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using machines : - if you experience blurred vision or numbness , tingling , pain in the hands or feet . these may be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding you should not breast - feed during treatment with this medicine and for at machines . driving and using machines it is not known whether the medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , formoterol fumarate dihydrate or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide : - if you have or have ever had heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and thyroid_gland_problems ) - if you have diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a low level of proteins in your blood ( with or without treatment with hydrochlorothiazide ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a low level of proteins in your blood ( with or without treatment with hydrochlorothiazide ). - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had a heart attack or seizures . - if you are taking medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ). - if you are taking corticosteroids . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure or seizures . if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : corticosteroids : prednisolone or other " angiotensin ii receptor blocker " such as acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat depression . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ), monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also increase the risk of severe heart failure . if you are taking corticosteroids or prednisolone , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : beta - blockers ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). the level of propranolol in your blood may need to be checked if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood . these include : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ) - timolol and itraconazole , medicines used to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir ) - anti - hiv medicines ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir ( medicines to treat hiv infections ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you to . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with other medicines used to treat or prevent bleeding . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with other medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole
do not use lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use a_condom , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . protect other people hiv infection is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv_infection ( see " other medicines and beovu "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ruxience can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way ruxience works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . aids ). these medicines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to treatment . these include : careful selection of blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of virus / infections . manufacturers of these products also include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove side_effects . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infected with hepatitis b ( virus ). these may be serious . if you need to have a vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . other medicines and amsparity tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat hiv infection or aids ( see ' other medicines and passing_hepatitis_b_infection '. it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of treatment . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following medicines , as they may increase or decrease the effect of the following medicines : birth control medicines to treat hiv_infection ( see section " serious side effects "). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to
do not take nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abseamed : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving this medicine . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome ). you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use abseamed , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product is not recommended . if you are a patient with severe chronic neutropenia , you may be at risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome ). children and adolescents the use of maci is not recommended in children and adolescents . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . exforge hct is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking possia during pregnancy . - if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . onduarp is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or
do not use macugen : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given an_infection . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells problems with your red blood cells such as increased_discomfort a low white blood cell count inflammation of the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), problems with your lungs ( peripheral neuropathy ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease
do not take kepivance : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , you should check with your doctor before you use this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had convulsions . - if you have or have had convulsions . - if you have or have had seizures . - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had convulsions . - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have any of these conditions . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have any of these conditions . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have any of these conditions . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without hypocalcaemia , medicines used to treat high blood pressure or hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to treat heart rhythm problems - if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure ; - if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure ; - if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure ; - if you are taking a medicine used to treat a certain type of abnormal heart rhythm ( e . g . torsade de pointes or hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure ( e . g . calcium ) or hypocalcaemia ( e . g . calcium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take cinacalcet mylan ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - a medicine used to treat heart rhythm problems - a medicine that increases the amount of calcium in your blood . these include calcium supplements or salt substitutes containing calcium , potassium - sparing medicines and certain types of hypocalcaemia . cinacalcet mylan with food , drink and alcohol cinacalcet mylan may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with cinacalcet mylan . drinking alcohol while taking cinacalcet mylan may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). 30 - a medicine used to treat a certain type of your_heart_rhythm ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), which increases the amount of calcium in your blood . these include calcium supplements or salt substitutes containing calcium , potassium - sparing medicines and medicines to treat high blood pressure . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - a medicine used to treat a heart rhythm problem called " torsades de pointes " ( irregular heart
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus ( shock ), for example , if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shock , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shock , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a clot in an shock ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking dolutegravir : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or shock ) that includes tissue and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , sleepiness , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - diseases . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and bronchodilators tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines
do not take edurant : if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you suffer from inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - if you have had a stroke or a medicine that affects your body ' s immune system ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - if you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ). - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation of the blood ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you have a history of inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ). - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation of the blood ). if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and c ) or products that increase the risk of serious infections ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ). - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation and aids ) or products that increase the risk of serious infections ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - a medicinal product ( e . g . used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that increase the risk of severe infections ( e . g . c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that increase the risk of severe infections ( e . g . c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation of the blood ) as these medicines may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , a condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks the body . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) hiv protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv infection ) cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) cimetidine ( used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of
do not take avandamet : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will then help you to stop taking this medicine if you become pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , usually used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or surgery in your veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you have cancer in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you have recently had or are recently had a blood clot in the veins of your veins ( veins or veins ), you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 4 ). - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery . - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( used to treat surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . recent surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( e . g . after surgery ) - if you are
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited disease in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without treatment ); - if you have heart failure that has recently become worse ; - if your heart is exclusively imposed by your pacemaker ; - if you suffer from severe heart failure . - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . - if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . - if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . if you are taking a medicine to reduce your blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate pregnant during treatment and for 6 months after the last dose of treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , headache or have blurred vision after taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or naion ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( naion ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of strain ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take strain ". you must tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes bruising and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , sudden_decrease , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor pah) and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and local_treatments tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other treatments . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - local_treatments ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - treatments ( used to treat cancer ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( infusion for severe body temperature abnormalities ), - sildenafil , used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole ratiopharm : if you have had a kidney transplant or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart back ( such as hallucinations , stomach ulcer or abnormal blood pressure ). if you suffer from dyskinesia , especially if you are prone to dyskinesia ( e . g . comparable with symptoms of schizophrenia ). if you are currently taking levodopa , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after your treatment with pramipexole accord . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pramipexole teva could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents pramipexole accord is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . other medicines and pramipexole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - a_condition ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - some types of medicines to treat depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue and pain . if you have experienced pain or pain in the chest , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - a_condition ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - some types of medicines to treat depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , sweating , or pain . these may be symptoms of a decrease in blood pressure . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - some types of medicines to treat depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating or pain these may be symptoms of low levels of red blood cells . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mexiletine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , a condition known as ventricular arrhythmia ) - a_condition ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe symptoms of mania - agitation , anxiety , fatigue , fatigue , sweating , sweating ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6. because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris liposomal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other eye drops for 15 days . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use helixate drops . do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any of these thoughts at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing sleepy and / or have been taken in the last treatment , you have a higher risk of being unwell . children and adolescents levetiracetam ratiopharm is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and levetiracetam ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . it is not known if levetiracetam passes into human breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if
do not use nucala if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other medicines used to treat asthma ( see ' other medicines and this medicine ' in section 4 for more information ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are allergic to the active substance of this medicine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 58 years of age ) because it is not known if this medicine is safe and works in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnancy unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per 100 mg , i . e ., it is essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . - if you have liver_or_kidney_problems or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing vitamins ( see section " other medicines and lenalidomide mylan "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( st . john ' s wort ) - any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( st . john ' s wort ) - any other medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( st . john ' s wort ) any medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for allergic reactions . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( st . john ' s wort ) any medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( st . john ' s wort ) any medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - medicines containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for allergic reactions . - medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may affect the way lenalidomide works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the effect of lenalidomide and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking
do not use palforzia : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . tell your doctor if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). seek urgent medical attention if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . - if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . a severe allergic reaction including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . the symptoms can include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or a fast heartbeat . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). seek urgent medical attention if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , trouble_breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). seek urgent medical attention if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor or seek hospital straight away . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell you that you are caring for any signs of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , dizziness , fainting , dizziness or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin
